middleton may mean :
efficiency could mean :
marga can mean :
caucasian might refer to :
soar could mean :
dhaka may refer to :
audio may refer to :
angerville can mean :
stepchild could mean :
arts of the far east include :
ferguson is a city in iowa in the united states .
maynard is a city in iowa in the united states .
the year 1570 was a common year starting on sunday .
southport is a city in indiana in the united states .
alma is a village in illinois in the united states .
hughes is a city in the us state of arkansas .
clearview is a town in oklahoma , united states .
oakland is a city in iowa in the united states .
montrose is a city in iowa in the united states .
mādhava of sañgamāgrama was an indian mathematician of ancient time .
the term smell may refer to one of the following articles :
the emmanuel church or immanuel church may refer to :
juliaetta is a city in idaho in the united states .
hauser is a city in idaho in the united states .
wayland is a city in iowa in the united states .
dow city is a city in iowa in the united states .
weldon is a city in iowa in the united states .
southgate is a city of kentucky in the united states .
mason city is a city in illinois in the united states .
west melbourne is a city of florida in the united states .
savigneux may refer to the following places in france :
wheeler county is the name of four counties in the united states :
bonners ferry is a city in idaho in the united states .
bodcaw is a town in the us state of arkansas .
belle plaine is a city in iowa in the united states .
chancy is a municipality of the canton of geneva in switzerland .
alpena is a town in the us state of arkansas .
lecco is a province in the region of lombardy in italy .
university of greenland is in nuuk , the capital of greenland .
dania beach is a city of florida in the united states .
telescopium is a constellation in the southern sky .
midway is a town in the u.s. state of alabama .
burkina faso national football team is the national football team of burkina faso .
origin of symmetry is the second album by british alternative rock band muse .
the village of indian hill is a city in ohio , united states .
this is an alphabetical list of alumni of the university of cambridge .
cashion is a town in the u.s. state of oklahoma .
crescent is a shape , form or symbol.crescent may also refer to :
butler county is a county in kentucky . its county seat is morgantown .
a.c. cesena is a football club which plays in italy .
turn left , turn right is a taiwanese picture book by writer jimmy liao .
bosnia and herzegovina national football team is the national football team of bosnia and herzegovina .
chestnut is an unincorporated community in natchitoches parish , louisiana , united states .
newsoms , virginia is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
jasonville is a city of greene county in the state of indiana , united states .
el segundo is a city in los angeles county , california , united states .
banne is a town and commune of the ardèche " département " , in southern france .
eddie thomson ( 25 february 1947 – 21 february 2003 ) is a former scottish football player .
brechin city f.c . is a football club which plays in scotland .
western asia ( or southwest asia ) is the part of asia that includes the middle east .
folgensbourg is a commune in the haut - rhin department of east france .
émerson luiz firmino ( born july 28 , 1973 ) is a former brazilian football player .
the following is a list of the 327 communes of the loire " département " , in france .
fabão ( born 15 june 1976 ) is a brazilian football player . he plays for santos .
schulte is an unincorporated community in sedgwick county , kansas , united states .
in economics , a consumer is a person or organization that uses services , goods , or commodities .
natural steps is an unincorporated census - designated place in the u.s. state of arkansas .
this is a list of notable rivers of mongolia . they are arranged geographically by river basin .
ninagawa died of pneumonia at a hospital in tokyo on may 12 , 2016 , aged 80 .
the tour of gymnastics superstars was a nationwide concert tour of gymnasts from the united states .
chris eagles ( born 19 november 1985 ) is a english footballer . he plays for burnley .
1968 ( mcmlxviii ) was a leap year starting on monday of the gregorian calendar .
arrentières is a commune of the aube " département " in the north - central part of france .
hennstedt is a municipality of the district steinburg , in schleswig - holstein , germany .
lupsingen is a municipality in liestal in the canton of basel - landschaft in switzerland .
dkny ( donna karan new york ) is the label of fashion designer donna karan .
old college is a building in edinburgh , united kingdom . it is part of university of edinburgh .
it is the traditional date of the march equinox , although it often falls on march 20 .
john hartnell was an explorer in the franklin 's lost expedition who died early in the trip .
nikola žigić ( born 25 september 1980 ) is a serbian football player . he plays for forward .
thürnen is a municipality of the district sissach in the canton of basel - landschaft in switzerland .
founex is a municipality in the district of nyon in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
ursy is a municipality in the district of glâne in the canton of fribourg in switzerland .
feusisberg is a municipality in höfe district in the canton of schwyz in switzerland .
geltwil is a municipality of the district muri in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
neuenhof is a municipality of the district of baden in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
european school of strasbourg ( ) is a european school in strasbourg , france , serving levels nursery through secondary .
oak lawn is a village in cook county , illinois , usa . it is a suburb of chicago .
andelfingen is one of the twelve districts of the german - speaking canton of zürich , switzerland .
raúl bravo ( born 14 april 1981 ) is a spanish football player . he plays for olympiacos .
affine arithmetic ( aa ) is a computer arithmetic which was made to improve the performance of interval arithmetic .
chavara thekkumbhagom is a village in kollam district , kerala , india .
fleuriel is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
miriam bryant ( born in gothenburg , sweden on 8 march 1991 ) is a swedish - finnish singer and songwriter .
burgistein is a municipality in the administrative district of thun in the canton of bern in switzerland .
frittlingen is a municipality in tuttlingen in the state of baden - württemberg , germany .
jenins ( ) is a municipality in the district of landquart in the canton of graubünden in switzerland .
azerbaijan basketball federation ( ) , also known as abf , is the national governing body of basketball in azerbaijan .
mürren is a village in the municipality of lauterbrunnen in the canton of berne in switzerland .
glinde is a town in the province of schleswig - holstein in germany , about 20 km away from hamburg .
söderskogen is a locality in håbo municipality in uppsala county in sweden . in 2010 , 378 people lived there .
häutligen is a municipality in the administrative district of bern - mittelland in the canton of berne in switzerland .
returns in economics and political economy , are the distributions or payments awarded to the various suppliers of the factors of production .
vallorbe is a municipality in jura - nord vaudois in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
leandro grimi ( born 9 february 1985 ) is an argentine football player . he plays for sporting portugal .
soumaintrain is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
åstorp is an urban area in the county of scania in sweden . it is the seat of åstorp municipality .
linstead is a town in saint catherine parish , jamaica.it had about 14,000 people in 1991 .
moore haven is a city of florida in the united states . it is the county seat of glades county .
robert michael schneider ( born october 31 , 1963 ) is an american actor , comedian , screenwriter , producer and director .
southern methodist university is in dallas , texas . it is the site of the george w. bush presidential library .
gary stevens ( born 27 march 1963 ) is an english former football player . he has played for england national team .
bongo may mean : in nature : in geography : in entertainment : in vehicles : in fiction : in other uses :
beuste is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
västerfärnebo is a locality in sala municipality in västmanland county in sweden . in 2010 , 477 people lived there .
åsarp is a locality in falköping municipality in västra götaland county in sweden . in 2010 , 598 people lived there .
babini is a town and union council of mardan district in the khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan .
guillermo amor ( born 4 december 1967 ) is a former spanish football player . he has played for spain national team .
los ángeles is a chilean city ; it is the capital and main city of the bío bío province , bío bío region .
on february 9 , 2016 , it was revealed watanabe , a leukemia survivor , had been diagnosed with stomach cancer .
el paso county is a county in the state of colorado in the united states . the county seat is colorado springs .
the megingjörð is a belt in norse mythology which thor wears . according to norse literature , the belt makes thor stronger .
hohentannen is a municipality of the district of bischofszell in the canton of thurgau in switzerland .
bergsjö is an urban area in the county of gävleborg in sweden . it is the seat of nordanstig municipality .
palmer is a city in washington county , kansas , united states . as of the 2010 census , 111 people lived there .
kosei shibasaki ( born 28 august 1984 ) is a japanese football player . he plays for tokyo verdy .
jatxou is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
the british rail class 17 , originally known as the clayton type 1 , was a class of diesel locomotive operated by british railways .
portsmouth is a city in the u.s. state of virginia . just over 100,000 people live there .
roque júnior ( born 31 august 1976 ) is a brazilian football player . he has played for the brazilian national team .
lionel scaloni ( born 16 may 1978 ) is an argentine football player . he has played for argentina national team .
there are several proposed top - level domains that have not yet been submitted to or approved by icann , as of 2008 .
eagle pass is a city in the u.s. state of texas . it is the county seat of maverick county .
jämtland county ( ) is a county in northern sweden , with the seat located in östersund . it was established in 1810 .
como is a city in northern italy . como is in the lombardy region . 83,016 people live there .
longèves is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
central eleuthera is one of the districts of the bahamas . it is on the island of eleuthera .
cass county is the name of nine counties in the united states , each named for michigan governor , senator and presidential candidate lewis cass :
nybro is an urban area in the county of kalmar in sweden . it is the seat of nybro municipality .
lantsch / lenz ( , ) is a municipality in the district of albula in the canton of graubünden in switzerland .
hammond is a town in st. croix county , wisconsin , usa . as of 2014 the population was 1,910 .
the 2007 – 08 montreal canadiens season is their 98th season of play and 90th in the national hockey league ( nhl ) .
antonio maceda ( born 16 may , 1957 ) is a former spanish football player . he has played for spain national team .
ballater is a burgh in aberdeenshire , scotland on the river dee , immediately east of the cairngorm mountains .
cozy powell ( 29 december 1947 – 5 april 1998 ) was an english drummer . he played with emerson , lake and powell .
clichy - sous - bois is a commune . it is found in the seine - saint - denis department in france .
robert wayne " robbie " tallas ( born march 20 , 1973 in edmonton , alberta ) is a canadian retired ice hockey goaltender .
jonsered is a locality in partille municipality in västra götaland county in sweden . in 2010 , 930 people lived there .
corpe is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
the liechtenstein national ice hockey team is the national ice hockey team of liechtenstein . it is a member of the international ice hockey federation .
plano is a city in iowa in the united states . in 2000 , about 58 people lived in 29 households in plano .
springdale is a city in hamilton county , ohio , united states . 11,223 people lived there in the 2010 census .
steinbrunn - le - bas is a commune . it is in the haut - rhin department of east france .
amorots - succos is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
domecy - sur - le - vault is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
argentine chamber of phonograms and videograms producers ( capif ) is a group that represents the music industry in argentina .
le center is a city in the state of minnesota in the united states . it is the county seat of le sueur county .
andoni iraola ( born 22 june 1982 ) is a spanish football player . he plays for athletic bilbao and spain national team .
paul is a city in minidoka county , idaho in the united states . as of 2000 , 998 people lived there .
beccles railway station is a small station in suffolk , england for beccles . trains are currently run by greater anglia .
the current flag of myanmar ( also known as burma ) was adopted on 21 october 2010 to replace the former flag in use since 1974 .
bruno metsu ( 28 january 1954 - 14 october 2013 ) was a french footballer - turned manager . he died of colon cancer .
preguinho ( born 8 february , 1905 ) is a former brazilian football player . he has played for brazil national team .
puncknowle is a village in southwest dorset , england , united kingdom . in 2001 , 491 people lived in it .
ketchikan is a city in alaska , united states . ketchikan is on revillagigedo island .
cudos , gironde is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
unterschächen is a municipality in the canton of uri in switzerland . it is in the upper schächental . it has an area of .
dean is a village and civil parish in allerdale , cumbria , england . in 2001 there were 1077 people living in dean .
livingston is the parish seat of livingston parish , louisiana , united states . the population was 1,769 at the 2010 census .
new hartford is a town in litchfield county , connecticut , united states . the population was 6,970 at the 2010 census .
hedemora is an urban area in the county of dalarna in sweden . it is the seat of hedemora municipality .
altamonte springs is a city of florida in the united states . the population of this town was about 41,200 in 2000 .
royston rikki drenthe ( born 1987 in rotterdam ) is a dutch professional football player . he currently plays for real madrid .
antonio di natale ( born 13 october 1977 ) is an italian football player . he plays for udinese and italy national team .
shina ( also known as tshina ) is a dardic language spoken by a some people in gilgit baltistan of pakistan .
this list of people from florida includes notable people who were born , raised or lived in the state of florida for a significant part of their lives .
ambleny is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
jason everman ( born august 16 , 1967 in kodiak , alaska ) is an american guitarist who played with nirvana and soundgarden .
salcea is a town of suceava county in northern romania . 9,194 people were living in salcea as of 2000 .
fakenham is a town and civil parish in north norfolk , england . in 2001 there were 7,357 people living in fakenham .
wii music is a music video game that was made by nintendo for the wii game console . it was supervised by kōji kondō along with others .
adlington is a town and civil parish in chorley district , lancashire , england . in 2011 there were 6010 people living in adlington .
faverolles is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
maspie - lalonquère - juillacq is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
alzey - worms is a district in rhineland - palatinate , germany . its capital is alzey.the rhine forms the eastern boundary .
saint - sauveur - en - puisaye is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
thumper is a fictional rabbit in the disney movies " bambi " and " bambi ii " . he is bambi 's sidekick .
anseba region is a region in eritrea . the capital city is keren . the region is named after the anseba river .
fourneville is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
grimbosq is a commune . it is found in the basse - normandie region in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
cristot is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
licy - clignon is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
viellenave - de-navarrenx is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
mellau is a municipality in the district of bregenz in the austrian state of vorarlberg . it is in the bregenz forest .
sajid nawaz khan ( ; born 25 march 1975 ) is a pakistani politician and a member of the national assembly of pakistan since june 2013 .
bugarach is a commune of 228 people ( 2017 ) . it is in the occitanie in the aude department in south france .
toba tek singh district ( ) is a district in the punjab province of pakistan . the city of toba tek singh is the capital .
march on , bahamaland is the national anthem of the bahamas . it was written by timothy gibson . it started to be used in 1973 .
great strickland is a village and civil parish in eden , cumbria , england . in 2001 there were 246 people living in great strickland .
st. louis park is a city in hennepin county , minnesota , united states . the population was 45,250 at the 2010 census .
the launch was a project of the institute of space and astronautical science of the university of tokyo.the satellite was sent into orbit on september 28 , 1971 .
condamine is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
litoria bibonius is a frog from papua new guinea . it lives in wetlands on normanby island , no higher than 40 metres above sea level .
plougastel - daoulas ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
olaf marschall ( born 19 march , 1966 ) is a former german football player . he has played for germany national team and east germany national team .
béthancourt - en - vaux is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
the british rail class 83 electric locomotives were built by english electric at vulcan foundry , newton - le - willows as part of the west coast main line electrification .
jonas furrer ( 3 march 1805 – 25 july 1861 ) was a swiss politician and member of the swiss federal council ( 1848 – 1861 ) and radical party .
jeffrey scot suppan ( ; born january 2 , 1975 , in oklahoma city , oklahoma ) , is a major league baseball pitcher for the milwaukee brewers .
ave caesar ! is a 1919 hungarian drama movie directed by alexander korda and stars oscar beregi sr. , maría corba , gábor rajnay .
ross batty ( born 20 september 1986 in england ) is a rugby union player for the newcastle falcons in the guinness premiership . he plays as a hooker .
a farmer is a person who grows crops and raises animals to be used as food . this has been a common job for people since the beginning of civilization .
duck commander is a company that makes duck calls . they also make duck and deer hunting equipment their main office is in west monroe , louisiana , united states .
the following is a list of presidents of guinea , since the country gained independence from france in 1958 ( after rejecting to join the french community in a constitutional referendum ) .
portales is a city in and the county seat of roosevelt county , new mexico , united states . the population was 12,280 at the 2010 census .
a combatant is a person who fights in an armed conflict . combatants are protected by parts of the geneva convention as long as they obey the rules of war .
psapp is an english band that started in 2002 . the members are galia durant and carim clasmann . they have released four albums .
the kingdom of hungary ( short form : hungary ) , which existed from 1000 to 1918 , and then from 1919 to 1946 , was a considerable state in central europe .
moutiers - sur - le - lay is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
blingel is a commune . it is in nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
prahova ( ) is a county ( judeţ ) of romania , in the historical region of muntenia . the capital of prahova county is ploieşti .
bréville - les - monts is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
alexain is a commune of 402 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
municipalities ( ) are the second - level administrative division in mexico . there are 2,438 municipalities in mexico , making the average municipality population 45,616 .
xinxiang ( ) is a prefecture - level city in northern henan province , china . in 2010 , 5,707,801 people lived there .
dynasty means rulers who belong to the same royal family for generations . the term is also used to describe the era during which that family ruled.famous dynasties were :
niafles is a commune of 287 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
nédon is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
the word good can be an adjective that means something that is wanted . something that is good is not bad . see good in the dictionary.good can also mean :
assesse is a municipality in the belgian province of namur.in 2007 , 6334 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 22 north , 05 ° 01 east .
the 1980 democratic presidential primaries were the selection process by which voters of the democratic party chose its nominee for president of the united states in the 1980 u.s. presidential election .
grandaddy is an american indie rock band formed in california in 1992 by singer / guitarist / keyboardist jason lytle , bassist kevin garcia , and drummer aaron burtch .
alexander mark david oxlade - chamberlain ( born 15 august 1993 ) is an english professional footballer . he plays as a midfielder for club liverpool and the england national team .
star wars : knights of the old republic is a video game developed by bioware . it was released in 2003 . the game has a sequel , titled " " .
viens is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
condette is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
petar stipetić ( 24 october 1937 – 14 march 2018 ) was a croatian general . he served as the chief of general staff of the croatian armed forces from 2000 until 2002 .
bomy is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
dunn county is a county in the u.s. state of wisconsin . in 2010 , 43,857 people lived there . the county seat is menomonie .
weld county is a county in the state of colorado . the county seat is greeley . as of the 2010 census , 252,825 people lived there .
sarrebourg is a commune of 12,045 people ( 2017 ) . it is found in the region grand est in the moselle department in the northeast of france .
lubumbashi is the second largest city of the democratic republic of the congo . it is the capital of katanga province . it is named for a small river .
george town , grand cayman , is the capital of the cayman islands , in the british west indies . the town has a population of 20,626 ( 1999 estimates ) .
george r. klare ( minneapolis , 1922 – the plains , ohio , 2006 ) was a world war ii veteran and a distinguished professor of psychology and dean at ohio university .
stadsparksvallen is a sports ground in the town of jönköping in sweden . opened in 1902 , it is the home ground for the jönköpings södra if soccer club .
north miami is a city of florida in the united states . it is in miami - dade county . it was founded in 1926 . florida international university is located here .
phoumi vongvichit ( 6 april 1909 – 7 january 1994 ) was a laotian politician . from 1986 to 1991 , he was the acting president of laos .
saint - jean - sur - veyle is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
rebergues is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
lefaux is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
brimeux is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
beaulencourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
forbing is an unincorporated community in caddo parish , louisiana , united states . the elevation of forbing is 203 feet . caddo parish is in the central time zone .
filippo tommaso marinetti ( alexandria 21 december 1876 – bellagio 2 december 1944 ) was an italian poet and writer . he is famous as the founder of futurism .
the lynx is a small cat . it is a genus with four species . the four species are in eurasia , spain , canada and america , and do not overlap much .
the province had borders with bitchū , hōki , izumo , iwami , and aki provinces.the ancient capital city of the province was in the area of fuchu .
jared mason diamond ( born september 10 , 1937 ) is an american author and biologist . his book " guns , germs , and steel " won a pulitzer prize in 1997 .
sommarkrysset is a swedish television program . it is broadcast live from the gröna lund amusement park in stockholm during summer . it was first shown on 3 june 2005 .
the nebula award is an award given each year by the science fiction and fantasy writers of america ( sfwa ) , for the best science fiction / fantasy fiction written in the united states .
harry frederick harlow ( october 31 , 1905 – december 6 , 1981 ) was an american psychologist . he did experiments on rhesus monkeys in which he separated babies from their mothers .
josé sarney de araújo costa ( born 24 april 1930 ) is a brazilian politician , lawyer , and writer . he was president of brazil from 15 march 1985 to 15 march 1990 .
geiger is a town in sumter county , alabama , united states . at the 2010 census the population was 170 , up from 161 in 2000 . geiger was incorporated in 1912 .
valentina sampaio ( born 10 december 1996 ) is a brazilian model and actress . in 2020 , sampaio became the first transgender model to appear in " sports illustrated " .
maizery is a former french commune . it is in the moselle department . on 1 june 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of colligny - maizery .
trapani ( ; ; ) is a city in western sicily . it is the capital of the province of trapani . the city has population of around 69,000 people .
nicholas county is a county in the u.s. state of west virginia . at the 2010 census , 26,233 people lived there . its county seat is summersville .
pickens county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia . as of the 2010 census , 29,431 people lived there . the county seat is jasper .
toypurina ( 1760 - 1799 ) was a tongva medicine woman and leader . she planned an attack against the spanish colonists and missionaries who were taking over her people 's land .
the health services , formerly called health , are a functional constituency in the elections for the legislative council of hong kong first created in 1998 . the constituency is composed of health services related professionals .
skiatook ( skī · ǎ · tōōk " or " skī · ǎ · tǒǒk versus skī · tōōk " or " skī · tǒǒk ) is a town of oklahoma in the united states .
marshall county is a county in the u.s. state of west virginia . at the 2010 census , the population was 33,107 . its county seat is moundsville .
a hose is a tube made to take fluids or gasses from one place to another . hoses are also called tube or pipes . the shape of a hose is usually cylindrical .
taissa farmiga ( born august 17 , 1994 ) is an american actress . she has appeared in movies and television shows such as " the nun " and " american horror story " .
allsvenskan ( ; ; also known as fotbollsallsvenskan ) is a men 's football league . it is the top division in sweden .
cabarrus county is a county in the u.s. state of north carolina . in 2000 , 131,063 people lived there . its county seat is concord .
saint - léonard , pas - de-calais is a commune . it is in nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in north france .
le bodéo ( , gallo : " le bodéo " ) is a commune . it is found in the region bretagne in the côtes - d'armor department in the west of france .
joice is a city in worth county , iowa , united states . at the 2000 census , 231 people lived there . it is part of the mason city micropolitan statistical area .
appling county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia . as of the 2010 census , 18,236 people lived there . the county seat is baxley .
maidstone west railway station is one of three railway stations which serve maidstone in kent . it is on the medway valley line . it is in walking distance from the high street .
hall county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia . as of the 2010 census , the population was 179,684 . the county seat is gainesville .
maynard solomon ( born january 5 , 1930 ) is an american writer and a former music producer . he was a co-founder of vanguard records , and later became a writer on music .
autoxidation is any oxidation that happens with oxygen . the word is usually used when organic compounds corrode in air , like when iron corrodes into iron oxide ( rust ) .
saint - pierre - des - ifs , calvados is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
capelle - fermont is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
fayette is a city in fayette county , alabama , united states . the 2000 census lists the population as 4,922 . the city is the county seat of fayette county .
rockdale county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia . as of the 2010 census , 85,215 people lived there . the county seat is conyers .
pleven province is a province in bulgaria . the capital city is also named pleven.it is crossed from south to north by the rivers iskar , vit and osam .
the university of new south wales ( unsw ) is a university in sydney , new south wales . it is one of the most highly regarded schools in australia . it was founded in 1949 .
rachel mary berkeley portman , obe ( born 11 december 1960 ) is a british composer , best known for composing music for films . she was the first woman to win the academy award for best original score
phosphorus pentafluoride , pf , is a phosphorus halide . it 's a colorless gas at room temperature and pressure . it can be formed when of reacts with phosphorus .
" pteroxygonum " is a polygonaceae genus , related to fallopia . a few species of the latter have been merged on it , such as f.denticulata .
arsenic triiodide is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is asi . it has arsenic and iodide ions in it . the arsenic is in its +3 oxidation state .
the khamseh arabs are an arab nomadic and pastoral tribe of the fars province in iran . they are a part of khamseh confederation . they speak a dialect of arabic .
pope adeodatus i ( 570 – 8 november 618 ) , also called deodatus i or deusdedit , was pope from 19 october 615 to his death in 618 .
international council of nurses ( icn ) is an international organization comprises of over 130 national nurses associations . the headquarter of icn is in geneva , switzerland . it was founded in 1899 .
grafton county is a county in the state of new hampshire , in the united states . as of the 2010 census , the population was 89,118 . the county seat is haverhill .
lothar matthäus ( born 21 march 1961 ) is a former german football player . he has played for the german national team . he currently holds a record for the most appearances for the german team .
an illuminated manuscript is a manuscript where text is supplemented by the addition of decoration , like decorated initials , borders and miniature illustrations . most are from the middle ages of europe ; some are from the renaissance .
didier yves drogba tébily ( born 11 march 1978 in abidjan ) is a côte d'ivoire professional football player . he plays for phoenix rising fc in the united soccer league .
bishan is a town in singapore . it is in the middle of singapore . a lot of people live in bishan . houses in bishan are expensive , because it is near the city .
hetepheres i ( " her face is satisfied " ) was a queen of ancient egypt . she lived during the 4th dynasty of egypt , but she was born at the end of the 3rd dynasty .
givenchy - lès - la - bassée is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
dawson county is a county found in the u.s. state of montana . as of the 2010 united states census , there were 8,966 people . its county seat is glendive .
carter county is a county found in the u.s. state of montana . as of the 2010 united states census , there were 1,160 people . its county seat is ekalaka .
oswego county is a county in the u.s. state of new york . as of the 2010 census , 122,109 people lived there . the county seat is oswego .
the missouri state university is a public university which is in springfield , missouri . the school started on march 17 , 1905 . in autumn 2012 , almost twenty - two thousand students were enrolled in this university .
rashtriya swayamsevak sangh is a hindu nationalist organization in india . it was founded in 1925 by k.b . hedgewar . the organization is accused of having fascist tendencies .
the english electric lightning is a british fighter jet . it is a twin - turbojet . it was used by the royal air force for the cold war and by air forces of kuwait and saudi arabia .
javier zanetti ( born 10 august 1973 ) is an retired argentine football player . the last club he played for was internazionale milano . he also played for talleres and banfield and argentina .
igor nikolayevich rodionov ( ; 1 december 1936 – 19 december 2014 ) was a russian general and duma deputy . he was best known for his service heading the defence ministry of the russian federation .
tournehem - sur - la - hem is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
sailly - sur - la - lys is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
air marshal sir ( harold ) douglas jackman kbe cb ( 26 october 1902 - 15 june 1991 ) was a senior royal air force officer . he became air officer commanding - in - chief raf maintenance command .
chestnut is the name for a kind of tree or the nut from the tree.chestnut may also be : in botany : in geography : in zoology : in other fields : people with the family name chestnut :
jo jo dancer , your life is calling is a 1986 biographical comedy drama movie directed by and starring richard pryor as jo jo dancer a popular stand up comedian , who is burned himself alive while freebasing cocaine .
per - erik " pelle " lindbergh ( , may 24 , 1959 – november 11 , 1985 ) was a swedish professional ice hockey goaltender who played parts of five seasons in the nhl for the philadelphia flyers .
tulare county ( ) is a county in the u.s. state of california . as of the 2010 census , the population was 442,179 . the county seat is visalia .
charikar ( ) is the capital of parwan province in northern afghanistan . the city is on the road 69 km from kabul . charikar is known for its pottery and high - quality grapes .
the toy fox terrier ( also known as american toy terrier , amertoy ) is a small terrier breed of dogs . they are related to the fox terrier , but are considered a separate breed .
vacquerie - le - boucq is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
an atlas is a collection of maps or manifolds , traditionally bound into book form , but also found in multimedia formats.it may show geographic features and political boundaries , but often social , religious and economic statistics as well .
caroline county is a county in the u.s. state of maryland on its eastern shore . as of the 2010 census , the county 's population was 33,066 . its county seat is denton .
philippeville is a municipality in the belgian province of namur , 28 kilometres south of charleroi.in 2007 , 8482 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 11 north , 04 ° 32 east .
the little carpathians or lesser carpathians are a mountain range that are about 100 kilometers long . they are found in the western part of slovakia , between bratislava and nové mesto nad váhom , and in northeastern austria .
the fiat 500 is a car produced by the fiat company of italy between 1957 and 1975 . the car was designed by dante giacosa . in 2007 fiat launched a similar car , the fiat nuova 500 .
the institute for research on public policy ( irpp ; ) is canada 's oldest non-partisan public policy think tank.the irpp seeks to improve public policy in canada . irpp supports research and debate .
microsoft office powerpoint is a presentation program developed for the microsoft windows and mac os computer operating systems . businesspeople , educators , and trainers use it often . it is a component of the microsoft office system .
edward charles " shy " meyer ( born december 11 , 1928 ) is a retired united states army general who served as the 29th chief of staff of the united states army.meyer was born in st. marys , pennsylvania .
neillsville is a city in clark county in the u.s. state of wisconsin . as of the 2010 census , 2,463 people lived there . meillsville is the county seat of clark county .
reedy creek observatory is an observatory for looking at near - earth objects . it is run by john broughton , an australian astronomer . it can be found on the gold coast , queensland at reedy creek , queensland .
ray ceresino ( april 24 , 1929 – may 1 , 2015 ) was a canadian ice hockey left winger . he played for the toronto maple leafs of the nhl . he was born in port arthur , ontario .
chadwell heath is a suburban area in north - east london . its postcode is rm6 . it is partly in the london borough of barking and dagenham and partly in the london borough of redbridge .
hand county is a county located in the u.s. state of south dakota . as of the 2010 census , 3,431 people lived there . its county seat is miller . it was created in 1873 .
a taxicab stand ( also called taxi rank , cab stand , taxi stand , cab rank , or hack stand ) is a queue area on a street or on private property where taxicabs line up to wait for passengers .
melville louis kossuth ( melvil ) dewey ( december 10 , 1851 – december 26 , 1931 ) was an american librarian and educator . he invented the dewey decimal system . he founded the lake placid club .
walk with me is the third studio album by british singer - songwriter jamelia . it was released by parlophone records on 25 september 2006 in the uk and europe . it was released on 17 march 2007 in australia .
keminmaa is a municipality in lapland , finland . as of 2013 , the municipality had a population of about 8,550 . neighbouring municipalities are kemi , simo tervola and tornio .
clark county is a county in the u.s. state of south dakota . as of the 2010 census , 3,691 people lived there . its county seat is clark . it was created in 1873 .
west palm beach is a city of florida in the united states . west palm beach is the county seat of palm beach county , florida . as of 2015 , the population of west palm beach was 106,779 .
tiffani thiessen ( born january 23 , 1974 ) is an american sitcom and television actress . she was born in long beach , california . she played valerie malone in " beverly hills , 90210 " .
south west trains was a train running company in the uk . it served 213 stations and ran 177 . it had 337 trains and ran the island line as well.in august 2017 , south western railway took over the franchise .
punitive damages are a remedy given by a court of equity in a lawsuit . it is used when a court believes that the defendant needs more punishment to be reformed or stopped from doing the action that caused them to be sued .
tacoma is a city in pierce county , washington , united states . the city is on washington 's puget sound.tacoma was named after the nearby mount rainier . it was first called mount tahoma .
saif ali khan is a well - known actor in india . he was born on 16 august 1970 . he was born to sharmila tagore , great - grandniece of rabindranath tagore .
the piave ( ) is a river in northern italy . it begins in the alps and flows southeast for more of into the adriatic sea near the city of venice . it is the longest river of the veneto region .
cosne - cours - sur - loire is a " commune " in the nièvre department in the bourgogne - franche - comté region in central france . it is a subprefecture of the department .
louis arthur " skip " bafalis ( born september 28 , 1929 ) is a retired american politician . he served as a republican member of the united states house of representatives from florida 's 10th congressional district from 1973 to 1983 .
the czechoslovak first ice hockey league was the top level of ice hockey in czechoslovakia from 1930 until the breakup of czechoslovakia in 1993 . it was replaced by the slovak extraliga in slovakia , and the czech extraliga in the czech republic .
marian lupu ( ; born 20 june 1966 ) is a moldovan politician . he was the president of the parliament of moldova between 2010 and 2013 . from this position he was acting president of the republic from 2010 until 2012 .
the sabang tree frog ( " nyctimystes sanguinolenta " ) is a tree frog from new guinea . scientists have seen it in the baliem valley and other places not high above sea level in indonesia .
brownsville is a city in haywood county , tennessee , united states . it is the county seat of haywood county , located in the western tennessee delta . its population as of the 2010 census was 10,292 .
hultsfred is an urban area in the county of kalmar in sweden . it is the seat of hultsfred municipality . hultsfred is well - known for the hultsfred festival .
bullitt county is a county in the u.s. state of kentucky . as of the 2010 census , the population was 74,319 . its county seat is shepherdsville . the county was formed in 1796 .
sir georg solti ( pronounce : “ george shollti ” ) , ( born budapest , 21 october 1912 ; died antibes , france , 5 september 1997 ) was a hungarian conductor who later became a naturalized british citizen .
goodnight goodnight is the fifth single by pop - rock band maroon 5 on the album " it wo n't be soon before long " . the song was released august 2008 . the song is also the 8th track off the album .
adrian is a town in monroe county , wisconsin , united states . there were 682 people living in adrian as of the 2000 census . the town has an area of 35.3 square miles , says the united states census bureau .
sion airport ( military : lsms ) is the airport of the city of sion , switzerland . it is 2.5 km southwest of the city of sion in the rhône valley . the airport was opened in 1935 .
siegfried lenz ( 17 march 1926 – 7 october 2014 ) was a german writer . he has written novels and produced several collections of short stories , essays , and plays for radio and the theatre . he was awarded the goethe prize .
richard lester ( born richard lester liebman ; january 19 , 1932 ) is an american movie director . lester is known for his work with the beatles in the 1960s and his work on the " superman " movie series in the 1980s .
judy valerie cornwell ( born 22 february 1940 ) is an english actress.cornwell is best known for her role as daisy in the british sitcom " keeping up appearances " . she played anya claus in the 1985 movie " " .
emilia ramboldt , earlier emilia andersson , born 31 august 1988 in sollentuna , sweden ) is a swedish female ice hockey defencewoman . she played for sweden during the women 's ice hockey tournament during the 2010 olympic winter games .
colton is a city in the eastern part of the u.s. state of south dakota . it is located in minnehaha county , and 687 people lived there at the 2010 census . colton became a city in 1904 .
paul malékou ( born november 17 , 1938 ) was the foreign minister of gabon for a short time in 1968 . he was born in fougamou , gabon . malékou was director - general of asecna from 1975 to 1983 .
melissa manchester ( born february 15 1951 in the bronx , new york ) is an american singer , songwriter and actress . she has acted in several movies . she has received several awards during her musical career , which began in the late 1960s .
samuel a. massell jr. ( born august 26 , 1927 ) is a businessman . from 1970 to 1974 , he was the 53rd mayor of atlanta , georgia . he is the first jewish mayor in the city 's history .
millionaire hot seat is an australian television game show . it is a spin - off of the game show " who wants to be a millionaire ? " . it first aired on 20 april 2009 . it is hosted by eddie mcguire .
william john " magnet " fairbairn ( born january 7 , 1947 in brandon , manitoba ) is a retired professional hockey player . he played in the national hockey league with the new york rangers , minnesota north stars and st. louis blues .
eric walter elst ( born 30 november 1936 in mortsel ) is an astronomer from belgium . elst has found nearly 3,500 asteroids , including many notable asteroids . an asteroid , 3936 elst , was named after him .
boutros boutros - ghali ( " " ; 14 november 1922 – 16 february 2016 ) was an egyptian politician and diplomat . he was the sixth secretary - general of the united nations ( un ) from january 1992 to december 1996 .
abhijeet bhattacharya ( born 30 october 1958 ) is an indian singer . he has won a filmfare award for the song " main koi aisa geet gaaon " from " yes boss " in 1997 .
kriss donald ( 2 july 1988 – 15 march 2004 ) was a scottish boy who was kidnapped , tortured and stabbed to death by five pakistani muslims because he was white . the murderers were later convicted of his murder and sentenced to life imprisonment .
monongahela is a city in washington county , pennsylvania , united states . it is part of the pittsburgh , pa metropolitan statistical area . it is south of pittsburgh . the population was 4,300 at the 2010 census .
a community is a group of living things sharing the same environment . they usually have shared interests . in human communities , people have some of the same beliefs and needs , and this affects the identity of the group and the people in it .
azad kashmir day celebrates the 67th day of the azad jammu kashmir government , created on 24 october 1947 . however , most people celebrate it on 26 october as they class it as a lucky day once all the papers were signed and settled .
loriol - du - comtat is a commune of 1,871 people ( 1999 ) . it is in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
midland city is a town in dale county , alabama , united states . at the 2010 census , the population was 2,344 . midland city was incorporated in 1890 . it is part of the ozark micropolitan statistical area .
daniel quinn ( august 19 , 1956/1957 ) is an american actor . he is known for his television roles on " the young and the restless " , police series " hunter " , and independent drama " twentysixmiles " .
taiwan pride is the yearly gay pride parade in taiwan ( officially the " republic of china " ) . the parade was first held in 2003 . it is in the capital city of taipei . it is the largest gay pride parade in asia .
denis winston healey , baron healey ch , mbe , pc ( 30 august 1917 – 3 october 2015 ) was a british labour politician . he was secretary of state for defence from 1964 to 1970 and chancellor of the exchequer from 1974 to 1979 .
montchamp , calvados is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of valdallière .
a paid or incentivized survey is a type of survey where person for filling out the details will get some reward.usual prizes will be small amount of money , simple reward like pen or cup , or entry in to competition to win something .
robert fliess ( 1895 - 1970 ) was a psychoanalyst . his father was wilhelm fliess , who worked with sigmund freud . robert fliess wote several books , including " erogeneity and libido " .
bone metastases are when a cancer spreads to the bones . this is called metastasis . people with breast and prostate cancer have more bone metastases than other cancers . however , almost any other cancer can spread to the bone .
dr. michio kaku ( born 24 january 1947 ) is a japanese - american theoretical physicist and a performer on the science channel , particularly for sci - fi science . he is known as a " sci - fi fan " on the sc .
suicide is a serious problem in greenland . according to the government of greenland , one person in five has attempted suicide . because of this , the greenland government has taken a number of steps to reduce the suicide rate . one example is roadside posters .
connie skov hyde ( born 15 november 1969 ) is an english actress . she is best known as gina seddon in the itv television soap opera coronation street since 1960 . she was born to his english father and danish father grew up in lancashire .
pablo maximiliano miguel coronel vidoz , also known as pablito ruiz and pablo ruiz , born on 4 may 1975 in buenos aires , argentina , is an argentine singer , actor and dancer . his musical career began at age 10 .
leyton orient f.c . are an english football club . they started in 1881 and are based in leyton , london . their nickname is " the o 's " and they play their home games at a stadium called brisbane road .
vrancea ( ) is a county ( judeţ ) in romania . the capital of vrancea county is focşani . it is mostly in the historical region of moldavia . the southern part of vrancea county is not in moldavia .
a blimp is a kind of airship . some airships have a structure in them . they have no structure in them . they were used by the united states in wwii to fight against submarines . they are now used mostly for advertising .
how to murder your wife is a 1965 american black comedy movie directed by richard quine and starring jack lemmon , virna lisi , terry - thomas , claire trevor , eddie mayehoff , jack albertson . it was distributed by united artists .
timothy " tim " theodore duncan ( born april 25 , 1976 ) is a former professional basketball player from the us virgin islands . he played the power forward and center for the san antonio spurs of the national basketball association ( nba ) his entire 19 year career .
cojedes state ( ) is one of the 23 states of venezuela . the state capital city is san carlos . cojedes covers a total area of 14,800 km ² . it had a population of 323,165 in 2011 .
dalby is a locality in lund municipality in skåne county in sweden . in 2010 , 5,708 people lived there . the place is located about 10 kilometers east - south - east of lund and about 20 kilometers east - north - east of malmö .
the little colonel is a 1935 movie . it was directed by david butler . the screenplay by william m. conselman was adapted from a book of the same name by annie fellows johnston . the movie features the famous staircase dance by temple and robinson .
a gig is a word that bands use when talking about their live shows . the " grove dictionary of music and musicians " defines a gig as " a term commonly applied to a musical engagement of one night ’s duration only ; to undertake such an engagement . "
an ultramarathon is a running race that is longer than a 26.2 mile marathon race . the most common distances for ultramarathons are : the most famous ultramarathon run in the united states is the western states 100 mile race .
billy , calvados is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune of valambray .
sally dynevor ( born 30 may 1963 ) , is an english actress , known for her roles as sally webster formerly metcalfe and seddon , in the itv soap opera coronation street since 1986 . she won the 2015 and the 2016 soap awards .
shaw is a city in bolivar and sunflower counties , mississippi , united states . it is located in the mississippi delta region . it was named after an old indian tribe northeast of this region . the population was 1,952 at the 2010 census .
cumberland county is a county located in the u.s. state of north carolina . as of the 2010 census , the population was 319,431 , making it the fifth-most populous county in north carolina . its county seat is fayetteville .
balleroy is a former commune . it is in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of balleroy - sur - drôme .
martin schulz ( born 20 december 1955 ) is a german social democratic ( spd ) politician . he was the president of the european parliament from 2012 to 2017 . from march 2017 to february 2018 , he served as the chairman of the social democratic party .
eric charles brewer ( born april 17 , 1979 ) is a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman . he currently plays for the anaheim ducks of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he has also won a gold medal with team canada at the 2002 winter olympics .
thomas campbell clark ( september 23 , 1899 – june 13 , 1977 ) was an american lawyer . he was the 59th united states attorney general from 1945 to 1949 . he was an associate justice of the supreme court of the united states from 1949 to 1967 .
barilium is a genus of iguanodontian dinosaur which was first described as a species of " iguanodon " ( " i. dawsoni " ) by richard lydekker in 1888 , the specific epithet honouring the discoverer charles dawson .
rain ( also : " rain ( lech ) " ) is a town in the donau - ries district , in bavaria , germany . it is on the river lech , close to where it joins with the danube , 11 km east of donauwörth .
the united states secretary of defense ( secdef ) is the head of the u.s. department of defense ( dod ) . the role was made in 1947 . the secretary of defense is sixth in line to the united states presidential line of succession .
kenneth elton kesey ( september 17 , 1935 – november 10 , 2001 ) was an american writer best known for his novel " one flew over the cuckoo 's nest " . he was born in la junta , colorado and moved to springfield , oregon in 1946 .
" this is about the town in iowa , usa . for other towns called tipton , see tipton ( disambiguation ) . " tipton is a city in iowa in the united states . it is the county seat of cedar county .
fernando james " freddy " ferrer ( born april 30 , 1950 ) is an american politician . he was the borough president of the bronx from 1987 to 2001 , and was a candidate for mayor of new york city in 2001 and the democratic party nominee for mayor in 2005 .
samuel jerald jones ( born andrew j. cooper iii , august 12 , 1954 ) , better known as sam j. jones , is an american actor . he is best known for playing flash gordon . he appeared as himself in the movie " ted " .
joseph serchuk ( 1919 in chełm - 6 november 1993 ) was the commander of the jewish partisan unit in the lublin area in poland during the holocaust . after the war , he testified at trials of nazis and he received special recognition from the state of israel .
rio arriba county is a county in the u.s. state of new mexico . as of the 2010 census , the population was 40,246 . its county seat is tierra amarilla . its northern border is the colorado state line .
christina schollin ( born christina alma elisabet schollin ; 26 december 1937 ) is a swedish actress . she is best known for her roles in " dear john " , " song of norway " and ingmar bergman 's " fanny and alexander " .
fish processing has to do with fish and fish products between the time fish are caught or harvested , and the time the final product is delivered to the customer . it also refers to the time when fish are caught in wild fisheries or harvested from aquaculture or fish farming .
bubble bobble is the first game in the bubble bobble series of games , produced by taito in 1986 , at the start for arcade and later converted to computers and consoles.in the game , the player control a dragon that spits bubbles to eliminate the enemies .
old frisian was a language spoken between the 13th and 16th century , in the area between the weser and the zuiderzee . it is the common ancestor of the frisian languages , today , laws and deeds which use old frisian remain .
quintana roo is a mexican state in the south . its capital is chetumal , the name " quintana roo " is from a military general . the most money comes from tourism , for example in cancún or playa del carmen .
bates college is an american liberal arts college in lewiston , maine , in the united states . bates college was founded in 1855 . 1,800 students attend bates . economics , english , psychology , biology , and history are popular majors at bates college .
the black mangrove ( " avicennia germinans " ) is one of the species of mangrove commonly found in a mangrove forest . black mangroves have aerial roots . black mangroves can be found in the tropical and subtropical regions of africa and the americas .
ernest edison " ernie " west ( born september 2 , 1931 ) is a former united states army soldier . he is a recipient of the u.s. military 's highest decoration , the medal of honor and the purple heart , for his actions in the korean war .
keep the aspidistra flying is a novel by george orwell . it was published in 1936 and it was orwell 's third book . it tells the story of a man who does not want to focus on money and tries to live a different life .
elizabeth dean lail ( born march 25 , 1992 ) is an american actress . she is known for her starring roles as amy hughes in the 2016 freeform television series " dead of summer " and as guinevere beck in the 2018 lifetime television series " you " .
" with my own eyes " is a 2000 song by the german dj group sash ! and it features finnish singer inka auhagen . it is the third single from sash 's third studio album " trilenium " which was released on 22 may 2000 .
thirunageswaram is a panchayat town in kumbakonam taluk , thanjavur district , tamil nadu . it is a famous for its two temples namely the nagannatha swami temple and the vaishnavite oppiliappan temple .
a rubik 's revenge is a 4x4 rubik 's cube . it has 24 centers , 24 edges , and 8 corners . it was made by peter sebestény . unlike the rubik 's cube , the centers can move to different places .
persecution of christians is treating christians unfairly based on their religion . this can mean using violence against them or putting them in prison . persecution of christians exists in many countries which include iran , pakistan , nigeria , afghanistan , burma , lebanon , syria , sri lanka etc .
xinhua news agency is the official press agency of the people 's republic of china ( prc ) . it was first named red china news agency in 1931 but changed its name to the current one in 1937 . it is a subsidiary of the chinese communist party .
cecilia cheung is a hong kong actress and c - pop singer . she is the ex-wife of nicholas tse and ex-daughter-in-law of patrick tse and deborah lee . she and nicholas have two sons , lucas and quintus .
kvirc is a multilanguage , graphical irc client for windows , linux , unix and mac os . the " k " in " k visual irc " was for a dependancy to kde , which became optional from version 2.0.0 .
the jordan national under - 23 football team are a team who play association football for jordan at the under - 23 level . they play their matches in jordan at various grounds . they were the first team to qualify for the afc u-22 asian cup during the 2013 version .
viveiro ( sometimes called vivero ) is a town and municipality . it is in the province of lugo . lugo is in the northwestern part of galicia , spain . as of 2010 , over 16,000 people live in viveiro .
irene is a city in the southeastern part of the u.s. state of south dakota . it is located in three counties : clay county , turner county , and yankton county . it became a city in 1895 , and 420 people lived there at the 2010 census .
portaventura world is a recreational resort in salou , catalonia , spain . it is home to three theme parks ( portaventura park , portaventura caribe aquatic park and ferrari land ) , several hotels , three golf courses and a convention center .
the orient express is the name for a passenger train ( and its route ) . originally it ran from paris to istanbul . the final service was an overnight train between strasbourg and vienna ( it joined with the sleeper from amsterdam in karlsruhe ) . the service ended in 2009 .
the trishuli river is one of the major rivers of nepal . it is a tributary of narayani river of nepal . it originates from the tibet region of china . the name of the river came from ' trishula ' a weapon carried by hindu god shiva .
le mesnil - auzouf is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune of dialan sur chaîne .
stanisław karczewski ( born 14 november 1955 ) is a polish politician and surgeon . he has been a senator since 2005 , as deputy marshal of the senate between 2011 and 2015 and since 2019 , and between 2015 and 2019 as marshal of the senate of the republic of poland .
lars olof jonathan söderblom ( ) , born 15 january 1866 in trönö , sweden , dead 12 july 1931 in uppsala , sweden was a swedish lutheran clergyman . he was the church of sweden archbishop of uppsala between 1914 - 1931 in 1930 , he was awarded the 1930 nobel peace prize .
network southeast ( nse ) was one of three passenger sectors of british rail created in 1982 . nse principally operated commuter trains in the london area and inter-urban services in densely populated south east england . before 1986 , the sector was known as london & south eastern .
clean and sober is a 1988 drama movie . the movie is about a cocaine addict who cleans up his life . michael keaton plays daryl . kathy baker plays charlie.this movie got good reviews from the critics . it was released on august 10 , 1988 .
james christopher " jamie " mcmurray ( born june 3 , 1976 ) is an american racecar driver . mcmurray drives the # 1 chevrolet camaro in the monster energy nascar cup series for chip ganassi racing . mcmurray won the 2010 daytona 500 .
lake oswego is a city in the state of oregon in clackamas county . it is located about south of portland.the city is named after oswego lake . as of the 2010 census , the city had a total population of 36,619 .
this is a list of governors of missouri since its territory became part of the united states.thirty - eight of the governors have been democratic . fifteen have been republican . one has been liberal republican.as of 2018 – 19 , missouri has never had a female governor .
the egyptian fruit bat ( " rousettus aegyptiacus " ) is a species of old world fruit bat.it is found throughout africa , except in the desert regions of the sahara , and throughout the middle east , as far east as pakistan and northern republic of india .
virgin interactive was a british video game publisher . it was formed as virgin games ltd. in 1981 . the company became much larger after purchasing the budget label , mastertronic in 1987 . it was part of the virgin group . in 1994 it was renamed virgin interactive .
gelfingen is a municipality of the district of hochdorf in the canton of lucerne in switzerland.on 1 january 2009 the former municipalities of gelfingen , hämikon , mosen , müswangen , retschwil and sulz merged into the municipality of hitzkirch .
le mesnil - mauger is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune mézidon vallée d'auge .
kensington is a town in montgomery county , maryland . the population was 2,213 at the 2010 united states census . according to the united states census bureau , the town has a total area of , all land . it is a suburb of washington , d.c. .
the national council of provinces ( ncop ) is the upper house of the parliament of south africa under the ( post-apartheid ) constitution . it replaced the former senate , but is very similar to that body . its purpose is to represent the governments of the provinces .
mazdak ( died 524 or 528 ) was a persian reformer and religious activist . he became influential under the reign of the sassanian shahanshah kavadh i . he claimed to be a prophet of god , and started communal possessions and social welfare programs .
a job guarantee ( jg ) is an economic policy proposal aimed at giving a sustainable solution to the problems of inflation and unemployment . its aim is to create full employment and price stability , by having the state promise to hire unemployed workers as an employer of last resort ( elr ) .
a nuclear submarine is a submarine powered by a nuclear reactor . the large amount of power generated by a nuclear reactor allows nuclear submarines to work at high speed for long periods of time . current generations of nuclear submarines never need to be refueled throughout their 25 - year lifespans .
bookkeeping is the recording of financial transactions . transactions include sales , purchases , income , and payments by an individual or organisation . the persons who do this job are called bookkeepers . they use one of several methods , such as single - entry and double - entry bookkeeping .
college station is a city in brazos county , texas . as of the 2010 census , college station had a population of 93,857 , college station is home to the main campus of texas a & m university . oftentimes it is called " cs " by students .
windows update is a feature found in microsoft windows ( after windows 98 ) that lets the user update their copy of windows . the windows update website can only be used with internet explorer.it also allows updates to the definitions file of windows defender and to the junk mail filter in windows mail .
fahrenheit ( more precisely , a degree fahrenheit ) is a unit of measurement used to measure temperature . the conversion rate to celsius is c = 5/9 x ( f − 32 ) . the degree fahrenheit is abbreviated ° f .
mark alan webber ( born 27 august 1976 in queanbeyan , new south wales ) is an australian formula one driver . at the german grand prix , he became the first australian to win a race since alan jones in . he currently drives for the red bull racing formula one team .
lol mahamat choua ( june 15 , 1939 – september 15 , 2019 ) was a chadian politician . he was his country 's head of state for four months in 1979 . he was the president of the rally for democracy and progress ( rdp ) political party .
tali tali pompey ( about 1945/1947 – 16 november 2011 ) was an aboriginal artist from central australia . she had a short career as an artist , beginning only in 2002 . during this time , however , her work was taken in by several major public galleries .
janez stanovnik ( 4 august 1922 – 31 january 2020 ) was a slovenian economist , politician , and partisan . he was the last president of the socialist republic of slovenia between 1988 and 1990 . from 2003 to 2013 , he was the president of the slovenian partisan veterans ' association .
saint - florent - des - bois is a former commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france . on 1 january 2016 , it became a part of the new commune of rives - de - l'yon .
soraya viola heléna post ( born 15 october 1956 ) is a swedish politician . she works for the feminist initiative party . post 's father was a german born jew . her mother was part of the romani people . in february 2014 , post was voted into the european parliament .
chicka chicka boom boom is a bestselling american children 's book written by bill martin , jr. and john archambault , illustrated by lois ehlert , and published by simon & schuster in 1989 . the book features anthropomorphized letters .
shakargarh , the headquarters of shakargarh tehsil , is a city in the north - east of pakistan in narowal district of punjab province . the city is at 32 ° 16 ' 0n 75 ° 10 ' 0e and is on the west bank of the ravi river .
isojärvi national park ( ) is a national park in central finland . it covers 19 square kilometers ( 7.3 sq mi ) and was founded in 1982 . its vegetation is dominated by scots pine and norway spruce forests.evidence has been found of early human settlements in the area .
hakkı atun ( born 1935 ) is a turkish cypriot politician . he was the prime minister northern cyprus from 1994 to 1996 . he was born in famagusta in 1935 . he was the speaker of the assembly from 1985 to 1993 and again from 1996 to 1998 .
thallium ( i ) iodide , also known as thallous iodide , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is tli . it has thallium and iodide ions in it . the thallium is in its +1 oxidation state .
first vienna f.c . 1894 is a football club that plays in austria . the club , which was founded in 1894 , is the oldest one in austria and played an important part in austria 's football history . to an austrian , the club is usually just called " vienna " .
david anthony faustino ( born march 3 , 1974 ) is an american actor , rapper and radio personality , primarily known for his role as bud bundy on the fox sitcom " married ... with children " . he also voiced mako in the nickelodeon animated series " the legend of korra " .
hamilton is a city in montana in the united states . it is the county seat of ravalli county . almost 13,000 people lived there in 2013 . hamilton was founded by copper king marcus daly in the late 19th century . the town is in the bitterroot valley .
tula ( " tùla " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sassari in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 1,569 people lived there . its area is 66.19 km ² . it is 275 meters above sea level .
the battle of lade was a naval battle which occurred in 494 bc . it was fought between an alliance of the ionian cities ( joined by the lesbians ) and the persian empire of darius the great . the persians won the revolt and this led to the end of the war .
cawker city is a city in mitchell county , kansas , united states . in 2010 , 469 people lived there . the city is along the north shore of waconda lake and glen elder state park.the largest ball of twine in the world is in cawker city .
pascal irénée koupaki ( born may 1949 ) is a beninese politician . he was the prime minister of benin from may 2011 to august 2013 . he was director of the cabinet of the prime minister from 1996 to 1998 . he was a member of the board of directors for african development bank .
safety is an extended play album by english band coldplay . it was the band 's first public release . it was recorded over a weekend during may 1998 , and was intended as a demo for record companies . it was financed by the band and their manager phil harvey for around £ 200 .
orphism is a mystic religion of ancient greece , originating in the 7th or 6th century bc and based on poems ( now lost ) attributed to orpheus , emphasizing the necessity for individuals to rid themselves of the evil part of their nature by ritual and moral purification throughout a series of reincarnations .
valentina vassilyevna tolkunova ( валентина васильевна толкунова ; b . 12 july 1946 , armavir - d. 22 march 2010 , moscow ) was a russian singer .
the renault fr1 is a bus produced by renault from 1987 to 1997 . the fr1 has a 9.8 litre 6 - cylinder turbo diesel engine with 223 kw / 303 hp or 250 kw / 340 hp respectively.in 1997 , the fr1 received a facelift and were renamed renault iliade .
law & order : uk was a british television police drama made for itv . it was adapted from the american series " law & order " . the series starred bradley walsh , freema agyeman , jamie bamber and ben daniels . " law & order : uk " ran from 2009 to 2014 .
woluwe - saint - lambert ( in french ) or sint - lambrechts - woluwe ( in dutch ) is a municipality in belgium , in the brussels - capital region.in 2007 , 48315 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 51 north , 04 ° 25 east .
nicolás fuentes fuentes ( 20 february 1941 – 28 october 2015 ) was a peruvian football player . fuentes made 17 appearances for the peru national football team from 1965 to 1971 , including playing at the 1970 fifa world cup.fuentes died from respiratory failure caused by diabetes in lima , peru , aged 74 .
peggy webber ( born september 15 , 1925 ) was an american actress . her screen debut came in the 1946 movie " her adventurous night " . other notable roles include mrs. alice rice in the 1952 movie " submarine command " and miss dennerly in " the wrong man " , directed by alfred hitchcock .
saint - jean - sur - erve is a former commune of 489 people ( 2007 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune of blandouet - saint jean .
mary beth peil ( born 25 june 1940 in davenport , iowa ) is an american actress and singer . she acts on stage and in movies . she played alma in the 1971 play " summer and smoke " . she also performed in many other plays . her last name is pronounced " peel " .
defoliants are a type of chemical that destroys plants like trees , bushes and grass . a very common defoliant is agent orange used by the us airforce in the vietnam war to destroy cover of the enemy . it killed the rainforest and caused birth defects as well as other illnesses among vietnamese and us soldiers
prairie view a & m university is a public university in prairie view , texas , united states . it has about 8,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1876 . it is an historically african - american school with ties to texas a & m university , though any person of any race may attend .
in microarchitecture micro-operations ( sometimes termed : micro-instructions , also known as micro-ops or μops ) , are detailed low - level instructions used in some designs to implement complex machine instructions in which each instruction is composed of a set of low - level micro-ops .
wwe raw is the monday night professional wrestling television program , made by wwe in 1993 . " wwe raw " is usually seen as wwe 's flagship program over its sister programs , " wwe smackdown " , " wwe nxt " and wwe main event , due to its longer history and the way it is promoted .
the doom generation is a 1995 comedy - thriller movie . it is about teenagers becoming involved in a ménage à trois . parker posey plays brandi . margaret cho also stars in the movie.this movie got mixed reviews from critics . roger ebert gave the movie a " zero star " rating .
chris mcnally ( born november 8 , 1988 in north vancouver , british columbia ) , is a canadian actor known for his portrayal as lucas bouchard on the hit hallmark channel original series " when calls the heart " . he also had a recurring role as sergei brevlov in the netflix series " altered carbon .
people will talk is a 1951 american romantic comedy drama movie directed by joseph l. mankiewicz and is the english language version on the 1932 play by curt goetz . it stars cary grant , jeanne crain , hume cronyn , finlay currie , walter slezak and was distributed by 20th century fox .
the top shells ( which are called calliostoma ) are marine gastropod molluscs . they can be found world - wide . the name of this genus is derived from the greek words " kallos " ( beautiful ) and " stoma " ( mouth ) , referring to the pearly aperture .
kiel ( ) is a city in the north of germany . it is the capital of the state of schleswig - holstein . it has a population of 239,526 people . it is a port on the sea and has an oceanic climate ( " cfb " in the koeppen climate classification ) .
conrad stafford bain ( february 4 , 1923 – january 14 , 2013 ) was a canadian - american actor . he was best known for his role as phillip drummond in the sitcom " diff'rent strokes " and as dr. arthur harmon in " maude " . bain had a twin brother , bonar bain .
allegheny county ( ) is a county in the southwest of the u.s. state of pennsylvania . as of 2016 the population was 1,225,365 . the county seat is pittsburgh.allegheny was pennsylvania 's first to bear a native american name , being named after the allegheny river .
chicken run is a 2000 stop motion animated movie produced by aardman animations in partnership with dreamworks animation . the film stars julia sawalha , mel gibson , tony haygarth , miranda richardson , phil daniels , lynn ferguson , timothy spall , imelda staunton and benjamin whitrow .
david duchovny ( born august 7 , 1960 ) is an american actor . he is best known for his role as fox mulder on the television series , " the x-files " . on august 13 , 2007 , his series " californication " began airing on the showtime television network .
bras basah mrt station ( cc2 ) is an mrt station in singapore . it is along the circle mrt line.the station is located near singapore art museum and a few minutes walk to national museum of singapore.prior to the opening of the station , it was supposed to be called museum .
scientific notation is a way of writing numbers that is often used by scientists and mathematicians to make it easier to write large and small numbers . a number that is written in scientific notation has several properties that make it very useful to local scientists . it makes very large numbers into smaller numbers using decimals and exponents .
edgar lawrence " e. l. " doctorow ( january 6 , 1931july 21 , 2015 ) was an american author . he was best known for his works of historical fiction . he was mostly known for his books " the book of daniel " , " ragtime " , and " billy bathgate " .
angie dickinson ( b september 30 1931 near north dakota ) is an american movie actress . she starred in the features " dressed to kill " and " pay it forward " . she was also the star of the television series " police woman " . her daughter nikki ( born in 1966 ) committed suicide in january 2007 .
tyrus raymond " ty " cobb ( december 18 , 1886 – july 17 , 1961 ) , also known as " the georgia peach , " was a major league baseball player . he is known as the best player of the dead - ball era ( before 1920 ) and as one of the best baseball players of all time .
sargodha is the capital city of sargodha district in the punjab province of pakistan . in old times , it was part of ' shahpur ' area under the british raj . it was primarily an agricultural market town but now , it has also developed as a garrison town for the pakistan army and pakistan air force .
cobalt ( ii ) oxide , also known as cobaltous oxide , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is coo . it contains cobalt in its +2 oxidation state as an ion . it also contains oxide . it can be green or red crystals . it can also be a grey or brown powder .
simply bird ( ) , by the thai recording artist , " thongchai mcintyre " , is his fifteenth studio album . on november 26 , 2007 , the album was released by gmm grammy.mostly songs in this album are smooth , some speed . further various such as r & b , hip hop , pop / rock
gonnosfanadiga ( " gònnos " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sud sardegna in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 6,611 people lived there . its area is 125.19 km ² . it is 180 meters above sea level .
horchata is the name of several kinds of traditional drinks common in central america . it is made of ground almonds , sesame seeds , rice , barley , or tigernuts " ( chufas ) " . it has a light brown color and a sweet flavor . usually you drink horchata cold .
jarvis green ( born january 12 , 1979 ) is an american football player . he is a defensive end for the denver broncos . he is 6 ' 3 and weighs 285 pounds . he was born in thibodaux , louisana . he is 31 years old . he went to louisana state university .
shannon county is a county in the u.s. state of missouri . its county seat is eminence . as of 2010 , 8,441 people lived there . the county was organized on january 29 , 1841 , and was named in honor of george shannon , a member of the lewis and clark expedition .
zalmoxes is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur from the upper cretaceous of romania . it was a relative of iguanodon and , like all its order , it was a herbivore.most of the skeleton is known with exception of the end of the tail , the hands and the feet .
the rectus abdominis muscle is a muscle in the human body . it is commonly referred to as " abs " . it is a paired muscle that runs vertically from the lower chest to the pubic region people usually try to put stress to make it look as if they have huge abs and they help us run .
upper volta was a territory belonging to france from 1919 to 1932 and later from 1947 to 1958 . in 1958 , upper volta became a republic . until 1960 , it was still part of the french community . in 1960 , upper volta gained independence from france . in 1984 , it became the country now known as burkina faso .
rachel marilyn lloyd ( née laird ; january 3 , 1929 – september 19 , 2018 ) was an american businesswoman and politician . she served for ten terms as member of the united states house of representatives serving from 1975 to 1995 . lloyd died on september 19 , 2018 in chattanooga , tennessee from complications of pneumonia at the age of 89 .
roustabout is a 1964 movie starring elvis presley , barbara stanwyck , joan freeman , and leif erickson . elvis plays a biker who takes a job with a struggling carnival . he falls in love with the manager 's daughter , and makes the carnival a great success when he starts performing as a singer .
the first geneva convention is one of several geneva conventions . it is more formally known as the convention for the amelioration of the condition of the wounded in armies in the field , 1864 . it covers the treatment of battlefield injuries and was made in 1864 as part of the making of the international red cross and red crescent movement .
philip kotler ( born may 27 , 1931 ) is an american marketing author , consultant , and professor . he was born in chicago , illinois . he works at northwestern university . he is the author of over 60 marketing books . he is an expert at marketing and capitalism . he studied at depaul university .
fredericksburg is a city in virginia in the united states . it was important in the american civil war , because of its location on the rappahannock river , near the capital of the north ( washington , dc ) and the south ( richmond , virginia ) . in late 1862 the battle of fredericksburg was fought there .
richard philip lewis ( born june 29 , 1947 ) is an american comedian and actor . he was known for his roles as marty gold in " anything but love " and as himself in " curb your enthusiasm " . lewis was born in brooklyn , new york . he was raised in englewood , new jersey . lewis is jewish .
christina cox ( 31 july 1971 ) is a canadian actress . she acts in television programs and independent movies . she became known for playing eve logan in " the chronicles of riddick " . she is also a stuntwoman who did boxing stunts for hilary swank in " million dollar baby " . cox was born in toronto .
wu tianming ( 5 december 1939 – 4 march 2014 ) was a chinese movie director and producer . he was considered one of the leading " fourth generation " directors . he was born in sanyuan county , shaanxi province.wu tianming died from a heart attack on 4 march 2013 . he was 74 years old .
a morgue is a place where dead human bodies are kept for a short time soon after the person died . sometimes , the body is examined by autopsy . most often , the body is delivered to a mortuary and buried in a grave or cremated . morgues are found in hospitals , usually on the lowest floor or basement .
ryan vandenbussche ( born february 28 , 1973 ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger . he played a career total of 9 seasons in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he played for the new york rangers , chicago blackhawks , and pittsburgh penguins . he was known for his pugilistic skills .
look who 's talking is a 1989 romantic comedy movie . the main characters in the movie are played by john travolta , kirstie alley , and bruce willis . the movie had two sequels : " look who 's talking too " ( 1990 ) and " look who 's talking now " ( 1993 ) .
dick king - smith ( 27 march 1922 – 4 january 2011 ) , was an english author . he wrote many children 's books . the most popular was " the sheep - pig " . this book was called " babe the gallant pig " in the united states . the book was made into the movie " babe " .
ouida was the pen name of the english writer maria louise ramé ( although she preferred to be known as marie louise de la ramée ) . ramé was born in bury st. edmunds , england , to a french father and an english mother . her pen name came from the way she pronounced her name when she was a child .
oliver rackham ( 17 october 1939 – 12 february 2015 ) was a british academic . he studied the british countryside , especially trees , woodlands and wood pasture , rackham wrote a number of books , including " the history of the countryside " ( 1986 ) and one on hatfield forest.he died on 12 february 2015 at the age of 75 .
in a tax system , the tax rate is the ratio ( usually expressed as a percentage ) at which a business or person is taxed . there are several methods used to present a tax rate : statutory , average , marginal , and effective . these rates can also be presented using different definitions applied to a tax base : inclusive and exclusive .
arthur " art " barnard ( march 10 , 1929 – may 1 , 2018 ) was an american sprinter . he was born in seattle , washington . he competed mainly in the 110 m hurdles event , winning a bronze medal at the 1952 summer olympics.barnard died in stanford , california on may 1 , 2018 at the age of 89 .
love brewster was a passenger on the " mayflower " in 1620 . he was born about 1611 in holland to william and mary brewster.he married sarah collier at plymouth , plymouth colony in 1634 , and sired four children upon her . he was active in the community , and died at duxbury , north of plymouth , about 1651 .
airfix is a uk manufacturer of plastic scale model kits . airfix was founded in 1939 by nicholas kove . airfix is currently owned by hornby.during the 1960s and 1970s , the company grew much bigger as the kit modelling hobby became more popular . the range of models expanded at this time too .
the 1944 winter olympics , officially known as the v olympic winter games , were not held.the games would have been held in 1944 in cortina d'ampezzo , italy . cortina d'ampezzo had won the right to host the event in june 1939 . the games were cancelled because of world war ii .
the peso is the money of chile . it was divided into 100 " centavos " . the number is written with a $ sign and then the number.in 2011 , 483.36 pesos were equal to one united states dollar . in 2014 , 570.01 pesos are equal to one united states dollar .
analytical psychology is the school of psychology that came from the ideas of swiss psychiatrist carl jung . analytical psychiatry is related to self - care of any particular person , such as neuroticism , being wise , introversion , feeling abilities and sensations . the process consists of clinical theories , developmental or complex approaches and process - oriented psychology theory .
yippee is a 2006 documentary movie created by jewish - american director paul mazursky . the movie follows a jewish pilgrimage to the town of uman in the ukraine on rosh hashanah , the jewish new year . the city is the burial site of the founder of bratslav hasidism , rabbi nachman .
swv ( sisters with voices ) are an african american female group that sing r & b music . the group was founded in 1990 and had multiple hit songs between then and 1998 , one of which sampled the michael jackson hit song " human nature " . the group broke up in 1998 but then reunited around 2005 and have been making music since .
the fallacy of division is a fallacy where someone believes that is something is true for the whole , then it must be true for the parts of the whole as well . for example , if a basketball team is very good , then all the players on the team must be good . the opposite of this is the fallacy of composition .
barley is a member of the grass family of plants . its seeds are a cereal grain . it is a staple food of humans and other animals , and it is one of mankind 's oldest crops . it can be made into flour or beer.its latin name is " hordeum vulgare " . barley is an annual plant .
portage la prairie is a city in the canadian province of manitoba . the population of portage la prairie was 12,728 at the 2006 census and is the 4th largest city in the province of manitoba . the mayor of portage la prairie is earl porter . portage la prairie is the sister city of plant city , florida in the united states .
play of the month is a bbc television anthology series . it showed classic and contemporary stage plays ( or adaptations ) . they were usually broadcast on bbc1 . each production had a different work , often with well known british stage actors in the leading roles . the series ran from october 1965 to september 1983 . 121 episodes were made .
the makalu barun national park is a national park in himalayas of nepal . in 1992 , area was changed into this national park.there are 315 species of butterflies , 43 species of reptile , 16 species of amphibians , 78 species of fishes , 440 species of birds , and 88 species of mammals in this national park .
trans - saharan trade was when people traveled across the sahara to reach sub-saharan africa from the north african coast , europe , or the levant . the trade existed during the prehistoric times . the trade became popular from the 8th century until the late 16th century . the trade was also used to transport slaves and food to different places .
mülchi is a former municipality in the administrative district of bern - mittelland in the canton of berne in switzerland.on 1 january 2014 the former municipalities of mülchi , büren zum hof , etzelkofen , grafenried , limpach , schalunen and zauggenried merged into the municipality of fraubrunnen .
the shaolin monastery or shaolin temple is a temple at song mountain of dengfeng , near zhengzhou city , henan province , china . now it is led by abbot venerable abbot shi yǒngxìn.it was founded in the 5th century and became the holy ground of kung fu . now it is the mahayana buddhist monastery perhaps best known to the western world .
the schopenhauer society is a german literary and philosophical society . it is a community that studies the writings , the life , and the influence of the german philosopher , arthur schopenhauer.the society was formed in 1911 in frankfurt by paul deussen , a sanskrit scholar . well - known members were arthur hübscher and alfred schmidt .
washington county is a county located in the u.s. state of north carolina . as of the 2010 census , the population was 13,228 . its county seat is plymouth . the county was formed in 1799 from the western third of tyrrell county . it was named for george washington , the first president of the united states .
blue hills is a community in hartford county , connecticut . it is made up by the northwest corner of the city of hartford and the southeast corner of the town of bloomfield.the bloomfield portion is listed by the u.s. census bureau as a census - designated place ( cdp ) , with a population of 2,901 at the 2010 census .
the national flag of anguilla , a british overseas territory , consists of a blue ensign with the british flag in the canton , charged with the coat of arms of anguilla in the fly . the coat of arms consists of three dolphins , which were featured on the earlier anguillan flag , and which stand for friendship , wisdom and strength .
ernesto marcel ( 23 may 1948 – 29 june 2020 ) was a panamanian professional boxer . he competed from 1966 to 1974 . he held the wba featherweight title from 1972 to 1974 and challenged for the wbc featherweight title in 1971 . marcel was born in colón , panama.marcel died on 29 june 2020 in panama city , aged 72 .
chi chi larue ( born larry david paciotti on november 8 , 1959 ) is an american movie director of gay , bisexual , and straight pornography . he was born in hibbing , minnesota . he is best known in his drag name , chi chi larue . he has also directed under the names lawrence david and taylor hudson .
kimura was trained at wrestle - 1 's professional wrestling university.she debuted on march 30 , 2016 against reika saiki in a losing effort for wrestle - 1 . the pair wrestled against each many times throughout 2016 for wrestle - 1 . kimura killed herself by swallowing hydrogen sulfide on may 23 , 2020 , at the age of 22 .
agujaceratops ( meaning " horned face from aguja " ) is a chasmosaurine ceratopsid known from two species , " a. mariscalensis " ( lehman , 1989 ) and " a. mavericus " ( lehman " et al . " , 2016 ) , both discovered in aguja , texas .
riom - parsonz was a municipality of the canton of graubünden in switzerland.on 1 january 2016 the municipalities of riom - parsonz , bivio , cunter , marmorera , mulegns , salouf , savognin , sur and tinizong - rona merged into the new municipality of surses .
zozibini tunzi ( born 18 september 1993 ) is a south african model and beauty pageant titleholder . she was crowned miss universe 2019 . tunzi had been crowned miss south africa 2019 . she is the third woman from south africa to win the title , and the first black woman since leila lopes was crowned miss universe 2011 .
soy milk ( also called soymilk , soya milk , soybean milk , soy bean milk , soy drink , or soy beverage ) is a milk - like product made from soybeans.soy milk originated in china where the soybean was native . later on , the soybean and soybean foods came to japan .
wałbrzych ( pronounce : [ ' vawbʒix ] , german : " waldenburg " ) is a town in southwestern poland situated in the lower silesian voivodeship . it has about 126 000 inhabitants and 84 km ² . the city belonged to germany until 1945 . the original german population being expelled after ww ii .
enrique moreno ( december 28 , 1955 – october 10 , 2019 ) was a mexican - american attorney . his career was based in el paso , texas . moreno was once a federal judicial nominee to the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit by president bill clinton in 1999 . the republican controlled united states senate denied to approved his nomination twice .
" aiding and abetting " is a crime . a person is guilty of aiding and abetting if they help someone else commit a crime , and then they do it . some ways a person can aid and abet a crime are to help someone commit the crime , give someone advice on how to commit the crime , or pay them to commit the crime .
lewistown is a city in and the county seat of fergus county , montana , united states . the population was 5,901 at the 2010 census.lewistown is located in central montana , the geographic center of the state , southeast of great falls . big spring creek ( montana ) flows through the town . the big snowy mountains are nearby .
british fascism is the form of fascism promoted by parties in the united kingdom . british fascism is based on british nationalism . examples of british fascist movements are british fascists ( 1923 - 1934 ) and the british union of fascists ( 1932 - 1940 ) . some recent examples are national front ( 1967 - present ) and britain first ( 2011 - present ) .
northumberland county is a county in the u.s. state of pennsylvania . as of the 2010 census , the population was 94,528 . its county seat is sunbury . the county was created on march 21 , 1772 from parts of lancaster , berks , bedford , cumberland , and northampton counties and is named after the english county of northumberland .
colorado state university is a public land grant university in fort collins , colorado in the united states . colorado state university is the main university of colorado state university system . the enrollment is approximately 33,877 students , including resident and non-resident instruction students . the university has about 1,400 faculty in eight colleges and 55 academic departments .
florence h. pendleton ( born c. 1926 ) is a former shadow senator from the district of columbia . as the first shadow senator of the district of columbia , her main goal was to promote the efforts of the district to gain full voting rights , alongside her counterpart in seat 2 . she was inaugurated as the first ever shadow senator on january 3 , 1991 .
the 2004 republican national convention was the 2004 presidential nominating convention . it was for the republican party of the united states . george w. bush and dick cheney won the presidential nomination at the convention.it took place from august 30 to september 2 , 2004 at madison square garden in new york city . a tribute for ronald reagan was shown at the convention .
the autonomous region in muslim mindanao was an autonomous region of the philippines . it was in the mindanao island group of the philippines.there were 5 provinces : basilan ( except isabela city ) , lanao del sur , maguindanao , sulu , and tawi - tawi . it was the only region that had its own government .
harrisburg is the capital city of pennsylvania , one of the four u.s. states called a " commonwealth " of the united states . as of the 2010 census , the city has 49,528 people living in it.harrisburg is the county seat of dauphin county and is on the susquehanna river , 105 miles ( 169 km ) northwest of philadelphia .
little miss broadway is a 1938 musical comedy - drama movie . shirley temple plays an orphaned girl named betsy brown . edna may oliver plays sarah wendling . the movie is about an apartment landlord who demands certain occupants pay $ 2,500 , or move out . this movie is also about adoption and musical plays . critics gave the movie very positive reviews .
robert brown ( 19 march 1923 – 15 january 2020 ) was a scottish international football player and manager . he played as a goalkeeper for queen 's park , rangers and falkirk and made five international appearances for scotland.he managed st johnstone at club level and the scottish national team from 1967 to 1971 . he was a member of the scottish football hall of fame .
ah , wilderness ! is a 1935 american comedy drama movie directed by clarence brown and is based on the 1933 play of the same name by eugene o'neill . it stars wallace beery , lionel barrymore , mickey rooney , cecilia parker , eric linden , aline macmahon , spring byington and was distributed by metro - goldwyn - mayer .
matt nagy ( born april 24 , 1978 ) is an american football coach and former quarterback . he is the head coach of the chicago bears of the national football league ( nfl ) since 2018 . he was born in dunellen , new jersey . he played for the new york dragons , carolina cobras , georgia force , columbus destroyers and the philadelphia eagles .
the december 2010 north american blizzard was a historic blizzard that hit the northeaster part of north america in late december 2010 . the blizzard produced heavy snow and strong winds . over of snow on parts of new york city . an area south of elizabeth city , new jersey had the most snow fall . it had of snow . elizabeth city itself got of snow .
alfred pleasonton ( july 7 , 1824 – february 17 , 1897 ) was a united states army officer and major general of volunteers in the union cavalry . this was during the american civil war . he led the cavalry corps of the army of the potomac during the gettysburg campaign . this would also includr the biggest cavalry battle of the war , brandy station .
tila nguyen born october 24 , 1981 is an american model . she is more known by her stage names tila tequila and miss tila . she was born in singapore . she moved with her family at an young age to houston , texas . she is perhaps best known for her reality series " a shot at love with tila tequila " on mtv .
the hart foundation is the name of several tag teams and stables made of members and close friends of the hart wrestling family . the name originated in the world wrestling federation in 1985 with the original hart foundation made of brothers - in - law bret hart and jim neidhart.wwe has consistently ranked the original hart foundation as one of the greatest tag teams in wrestling history .
the term delusional disorder refers to an uncommon although serious condition in which patients have non-bizarre delusions . these patients function in normal manners . their delusions are not caused from drugs or general disorders . examples of these delusions include being followed , spied on or being poisoned , having certain health problems , such as heart disease or stroke .
kaysone phomvihane ( ) ( 13 december 1920 – 21 november 1992 ) was a laotian politician . he was the first leader of the lao people 's revolutionary party from 1955 until his death in 1992 . he was the first prime minister of the lao people 's democratic republic from 1975 to 1991 and then as the second president from 1991 to 1992 .
joel murray ( born april 17 , 1963 in wilmette , illinois ) is an american actor . he starred many television shows including " grand " , " love & war " , and " dharma and greg " . he also performed in movies , including " god bless america " , " monsters university " and " killing reagan " . his brother is actor bill murray .
kavala is one of the biggest cities in macedonia . it is the capital of kavala prefecture . it is in the northeastern part of greece , in the east macedonia and thrace periphery . it is on the bay of kavala , across from the island of thasos . according to the 2001 census , 63,293 people lived there .
steven r. " steve " schirripa ( born september 3 , 1957 ) is an american stand - up comedian , actor , producer , voice artist , and comedian in such movies and tv series as " the sopranos " as bobby baccalieri , " nothing personal " ( in which he is the host ) , and the " open season " series as roberto .
solid mechanics is the branch of mechanics , physics , and mathematics that concerns itself with how solid matter under external actions works ( such as external forces , temperature changes , applied displacements , etc. ) . it is part of a larger study known as continuum mechanics . one of the most common practical applications of solid mechanics is the euler - bernoulli beam equation .
peter andreas grünberg ( 18 may 1939 – 7 april 2018 ) was a german physicist.he won the 2007 nobel prize in physics for his discovery of giant magnetoresistance which made gigabyte hard disk drives easier to produce . half the prize was given to albert fert who discovered giant magnetoresistance at the same time but fert and grünberg did not work together .
mackenzie christine foy ( born november 10 , 2000 ) is an american child model and actress . she is best known for her role as renesmee cullen , the daughter of bella swan and edward cullen , in " " . her role as renesmee earned her a young artist award for best supporting young actress in a feature film.foy was born in los angeles .
colonel sir ( ronald ) thomas stewart macpherson cbe , mc and two bars , td , dl ( 4 october 1920 – 6 november 2014 ) was a scottish businessman . he was a decorated british army officer during and after the second world war . macpherson was born in edinburgh , scotland.macpherson died on 6 november 2014 in edinburgh , scotland , aged 94 .
the falcon and the snowman is a 1985 british american mexican crime drama movie directed by john schlesinger and based on the 1979 novel by robert lindsey . it stars timothy hutton , sean penn , pat hingle , joyce van patten , david suchet , richard dysart , nicholas pryor , lori singer , nicholas pryor and was distributed by orion pictures .
the bmt canarsie line is a line of the new york city subway , and over 565,000 people ride it every day . services using the line are colored light gray , not to be confused with the dark gray shuttles.only one service uses the line , and that is the l service . it runs from 8th avenue to rockaway parkway .
jean - jacques perrey ( ; january 20 , 1929 – november 4 , 2016 ) was a french electronic music producer . he was best known for writing electronic music . he worked with the duo perrey and kingsley . he was also known for producing the them " " the elephant never forgets " " . perrey died from complications of lung cancer in switzerland , aged 87 .
haut - valromey is a new commune in the ain department of eastern france , in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region . the municipality was incorporated on january 1 , 2016 and consists of the former communes of hotonnes , le grand - abergement , le petit - abergement and songieu.it is the largest commune of the ain department .
georgette " géori " boué ( 16 october 1918 – 5 january 2017 ) was a french soprano . she worked with the french repertory theater areas . she was known especially for her work in " thais " . she was born in toulouse . her career began in 1939 . she retired in 1970 . boué died in paris on 5 january 2017 at the age of 98 .
michael edward " mike " mills ( born december 17 , 1958 ) is an american musician , singer and songwriter . he is best known for being a member of the alternative rock band , r.e.m. . although he usually plays bass guitar , the piano and sings , he also plays keyboards , accordion and percussion instruments . he helped write many of the band 's songs .
české budějovice ( or ) is a town in the czech republic . about 96,000 people live there ( 2009 ) . it is located in the south of the historical region bohemia . the popular czech beer , budweiser budvar , is made there.the city is also one of the major settings in the novel " the good soldier švejk " by jaroslav hašek .
barry michael boughner ( born january 29 , 1948 in delhi , ontario ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger . he played 20 national hockey league games with the oakland seals / california golden seals , going scoreless with 11 penalty minutes.boughner served as head coach for the niagara falls flyers of the ontario hockey association for a portion of the 1979 – 80 season .
this is a list of cities and towns in oklahoma.in oklahoma , cities are all those incorporated communities which are 1000 or more in population and are incorporated as cities . towns are limited to town board type of municipal government . cities may choose among aldermanic , mayoral , council - manager , and home - rule charter types of government . cities may also petition to incorporate as towns .
the western diamondback rattlesnake ( " crotalus atrox " ) is a species of venomous rattlesnake found in the deserts of the united states of america and mexico . the western diamondback rattlesnake is responsible for most of the snakebites in northern mexico and the u.s.a . there are currently no subspecies found .
neuropsychology is the scientific study that studies the function and structure of the brain related to more common psychological processes and overt behaviors . the term has been applied to lesion studies in humans and animals . it has also been applied to efforts to record electrical activity from individual cells ( or groups of cells ) in higher primates ( including some studies of human patients ) .
sir george houston reid ( 25 february 1845 – 12 september 1918 ) was the fourth prime minister of australia . he was the first leader of the opposition and leader of free trade party . he moved to london after he retired and was elected to the house of commons.reid was elected to the australian paliament in 1901 for the division of east sydney . he retired in 1910 .
harvey phillip spector ( born december 26 , 1939 ) is an american musician ( piano , guitar ) , songwriter and record producer . he is most famous as a producer . he was co-owner of philles records ( with then - business partner lester sill ) , and later owner of phil spector records . in 2009 he was found guilty of second degree murder .
black hawk county is a county in the northeastern part of u.s. state of iowa . as of the 2010 census , the population was 131,090 , making it iowa 's fourth-most populous county . the county seat is waterloo . the county was founded on february 17 , 1843 and named after black hawk , a sauk leader during the 1832 black hawk war .
air dolomiti l.a.r.e . s.p.a is a regional airline from in verona in italy . it is named after a section of the alps known as the dolomites . it is part of lufthansa regional connecting medium - size italian airports to other european cities through munich and frankfurt am main airports . the airline employs 550 people
in theocracy , a form of government , the institutions and people that govern the state are very close to the leaders of the main religion . if the religious leaders do not directly run some bodies of the state , they influence them very much . the word theocracy comes from two greek words literally meaning god - government , and meaning the government is run by " the church " .
dargai is a town in district charsadda . it is the oldest village in the charsadda district , khyber pakhtunkhwa . five tribes , the sipah , dagwall , khattak and kashmiryans and awan live in dargai . the village is famous because of several battles which took place there during british rule between 1853 and 1897 .
michael chabon is an american author . his first novel was called " the mysteries of pittsburgh " and published in 1988 . chabon was 25 years old . the book made him famous among writers . he has also written genre fiction . chabon published " the amazing adventures of kavalier & clay " in 2000 . it won the pulitzer prize for fiction in 2001 .
nadine trintignant ( born 11 november 1934 ) is a french movie director , producer , editor , screenwriter , and novelist . she is known for her movies " ça n'arrive qu'aux autres " and " l'été prochain " . her movie " mon amour , mon amour " was nominated for the palme d'or at the 1967 cannes film festival .
the flag of zimbabwe has seven horizontal stripes of green , gold , red and black with a white triangle containing a red five - pointed star with a zimbabwe bird . the most recent design was adopted on april 18th , 1980 . zimbabwe won its freedom from the united kingdom on this day . this design is adapted from the flag of the zimbabwe african national union , the current ruling party in zimbabwe .
the amu darya ( , " āmūdaryā " ; , " jihôn " or " jayhoun " ; , " gozan " ) , also called oxus and amu river , is a major river in central asia . it is formed by the junction of the vakhsh and panj . in ancient times , the river was regarded as the boundary between iran and turan .
chromatography is a method using mixed substances that depends on the speed at which they move through special " media " , or chemical substances . it consists of a " stationary phase " ( a solid ) and a " mobile phase " ( a liquid or a gas ) . the mobile phase flows through the stationary phase . chromatography is much used in biochemistry and analytical chemistry .
an ofrenda ( spanish : " offering " ) is a collection of objects placed on a display during the annual and traditionally mexican " día de muertos " celebration . an " ofrenda " , which can be large is usually created for an individual person who has died and is intended to welcome them . they are filled with the deceased personal objects , picture of the person and food .
paul bekker ( september 11 , 1882 , berlin – march 7 , 1937 , new york ) was one of the most influential german music critics of the 20th century.the music library of yale university houses the " paul bekker collection " , which has many letters , documents , receipts , photographs , printed scores and other forms of miscellany , some of which have great historical and musicological value .
khalid bakdash ( 1912 – 1995 ; occasionally spelled khalid bagdash or khaled bekdache , ) was the leader of the syrian communist party ( scp ) from 1936 until his death . in 1954 bakdash became the first member of a communist party to be elected to an arab parliament . he has since been called the " dean of arab communism . "
the australian plant name index ( apni ) is an online database of all published names of australian vascular plants . it covers all names , whether current names , synonyms or invalid names . it includes bibliographic and typification details , links to other resources , and data from the census of australian vascular plants divided by state . users can also make notes and comments on other details .
michael jay williams ( born 16 october 1929 ) is a trinidad and tobago politician and businessman.williams was appointed to the senate of trinidad and tobago by a. n. r. robinson following the national alliance for reconstruction victory in the 1986 general elections . williams served as president of the senate between 1986 and 1990 and president of trinidad and tobago from 13 march 1987 to 19 march 1987 following ellis clarke .
the honda accord is a midsize car that is built by the honda company . the car has changed over time . it has had eight different basic designs . the honda accord has been built and sold since 1976 . the car later spawned a station wagon crossover suv called the crosstour in 2009 . however , low sales prompted honda to discontinue the crosstour in 2015 .
africa is the second largest continent in the world . it makes up about a fifth of the world 's land . it is surrounded by large areas of water . there are 54 fully recognised and independent countries in africa , and 14.7 % ( 1.216 billion ) of the world 's population lives there . it is thought to be the continent where the first humans evolved .
shah azizur rahman ( ; 1925 - 1988 ) was a bangladeshi politician . he was the prime minister of bangladesh . however , he was the subject of considerable controversy for his collaboration with the pakistan army against the struggle to establish bangladesh.he was prime minister under president zia.he was a veteran parliamentarian . he was famous for his razor sharp tongue . he was fluent in several languages .
edward marvin genson ( june 30 , 1941 – april 15 , 2020 ) was an american attorney . he represented high - profile people such as former republic windows ceo richard gillman , musician r. kelly , newspaper owner conrad black , and illinois governor rod blagojevich . he was born in chicago , illinois.genson died april 15 , 2020 from bile duct cancer in chicago , aged 78 .
jīn xuěfēi ( simplified chinese : 金雪飞 ; traditional chinese : 金雪飛 ; born february 15 , 1956 ) is a living chinese - american writer . he uses the pen name ha jin ( 哈金 ) . " ha " comes from his favorite city , harbin . in 1984 , he went to america and began to write about china only in english . his work increased international attention to chinese culture and history .
steven charles watkins jr. ( born september 18 , 1976 ) is an american veteran , politician and businessman . he is a member of the united states house of representatives for kansas ' . he is a republican.in july 2020 , watkins was charged with voter fraud by shawnee county district attorney.in august 2020 , he lost his re-election primary campaign to kansas state treasurer jake laturner .
trent kenneth mccleary ( born september 8 , 1972 ) is a canadian former professional hockey player who played for the boston bruins , ottawa senators and montreal canadiens in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . his career was ended in 2000 after taking a slapshot to the throat , an injury that required life - saving surgery moments after the incident . he played 192 games , scoring 8 goals and 23 points .
pakistani rock is a form of rock music from pakistan . it mixes up pakistani classical music with american rock . it has its own vibrant elements , with slightly different sounds and tunes . pakistani rock is mostly sung in urdu , however large numbers of songs are also sung in languages such as punjabi , sindhi , pashto and seraiki . many new music bands are also now singing in english .
whiting is a city in the us state of indiana . the city is in lake county on the southern shore of lake michigan . it is a part of the chicago metropolitan district . there were 4,997 people living in whiting according to the 2010 united states census.the city is home to the whiting refinery . this is the biggest oil refinery in the midwest .
jerome cooper ( december 14 , 1946 – may 6 , 2015 ) was an american free jazz musician . he was known as a multi-dimensional drummer . cooper played balafon , chirimia and electronic tonal activator in addition to trap drums . he was born in chicago , illinois.cooper died in brooklyn , new york city from multiple myeloma , aged 68 .
a nuclear family is a type of family unit . it is made up of a husband , a wife , and their children . not everyone agrees on what a nuclear family is . some people say that a nuclear family does not include stepchildren or adopted children . others say that a nuclear family may include stepchildren or adopted children . a nuclear family is a part of an extended family .
luann bambrough ( also l'wren scott ; april 28 , 1964 – march 17 , 2014 ) was an american model and fashion designer . she was the girlfriend of singer mick jagger for the last 13 years of her life.scott made costumes for many movies , such as " eyes wide shut " . scott was born in new york city . she was adopted and was raised in utah .
the parliament of sweden ( ) is the legislative government of sweden . the parliament building is on the stockholm island of helgeandsholmen . the parliament has 349 seats since 1976 ( 350 between 1971 and 1976 ) . between 1867 and 1971 , the parliament had two chambers , but has been reduced to one . elections are held in september every fourth year ( third year between 1970 - 1994 ) .
tropical storm fay was the sixth tropical storm of the 2008 atlantic hurricane season . tropical storm fay caused flooding in haiti , the next three storms would do that same thing ( gustav , hanna , and ike ) . tropical storm fay made landfall in florida four times , beating a record from hurricane gordon in 1994 , which made landfall in florida three times . fay left $ 560 million in damage and killed 36 people .
the democratic party ( italian : " partito democratico " , " pd " ) is an italian political party . it 's secretary is nicola zingaretti.from the birth of the conte ii cabinet , the democratic party formed a coalition with the five star movement.since 2014 , the party has been a member of the center - left party of european socialists group in the european parliament .
suseok ( 수석 ) is the korean term for small naturally occurring or shaped rocks which are traditionally valued . they are similar to chinese scholar 's rocks . " suseok " can be any color . there are a wide variety of sizes . " suseok " can weigh hundreds of pounds or less than one pound . the term also means stones which are placed in traditional korean gardens .
cholangiocarcinoma or bile duct cancer is a form of cancer that is formed by mutated epithelial cells ( or cells showing characteristics of epithelial differentiation ) that begins in the bile ducts which drain bile from the liver into the small intestine . other biliary tract cancers include pancreatic cancer , gallbladder cancer , and cancer of the ampulla of vater .
pavel bobek ( 16 september 1937 − 20 november 2013 ) was a czech singer . he worked with many musical artists such as lou reed , johnny cash , frank zappa , kenny rogers , and john denver.bobek was born on 16 september 1937 in prague , czechoslovakia . he studied to become an architect . bobek died on 20 november 2013 from a long illness in prague , czech republic , aged 76 .
anthony lane ( born 1962 ) is a british - american movie critic and journalist . he works for " the new yorker " along with david denby.lane was born in 1962 in london , england . he studied at sherborne school and at trinity college , cambridge . he is partners with allison pearson . they have two children , eveline and thomas lane . he now lives in cambridge , england .
contone is a former municipality of the district locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland . on 25 april 2010 the former municipalities of caviano , contone , gerra gambarogno , indemini , magadino , piazzogna , san nazzaro , sant ' abbondio and vira gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of gambarogno .
david brenner ( february 4 , 1936 – march 15 , 2014 ) was an american comedian , actor , and author . he was known for appearing on " the tonight show " . he is also known for his leading roles in " snip " and in " worth winning " . brenner died on march 15 , 2014 in new york city , new york from pancreatic cancer , aged 78 .
indonesia has three time zones : western indonesia time ( wib ) ( utc +07:00 ) covers the western part of the country , including jakarta , central indonesia time ( wit ) ( utc +08:00 ) covers the central part of the country , and eastern indonesia time ( wita ) ( utc +09:00 ) covers the province of papua . indonesia does not observe daylight saving time .
the united states census of 1800 was the second census in the united states . it was done on august 4 , 1800 . it showed that 5,308,483 people were living in the united states . 893,602 were slaves . the 1800 census included the new district of columbia . the census for the following states were lost : georgia , kentucky , new jersey , tennessee , and virginia .
the pharaoh hound is a breed of dog . pharaoh hounds always have a bright orange colour coat . they may have a small white spot on the front of their body . they need lots of physical exercise , and they are fast runners and can jump high . they need little brushing because their fur is very short . in the past , people used them to hunt rabbits . now people keep them as pets .
the new academy prize in literature was created in 2018 because the nobel prize in literature was not awarded in 2018 . the winner was announced on 12 october 2018 . the new academy will be dissolved in december 2018 . the new academy announced that the four finalists for the prize were maryse condé , neil gaiman , haruki murakami , and kim thúy.the new academy prize in literature was awarded to maryse condé .
m * a * s * h was an american media franchise that had several novels and a movie . several television series have also been based on it . these include " m * a * s * h ( movie ) " ( 1970 ) , " m * a * s * h ( tv show ) " ( 1972 ) , " aftermash " and " trapper john , m.d . " .
cars 3 is a 2017 american movie made by pixar , directed by brian fee , and produced by kevin reher . it is the third film in the " cars " movie series and was released by walt disney pictures on june 16 , 2017 . in the " cars " trilogy , " cars 3 " is the next movie after " cars 2 " , which is a sequel to the original " cars " movie .
chloë sevigny ( born november 18 , 1974 ) is an american actress , fashion designer and former model . she was born in springfield , massachusetts and raised in darien , connecticut . her father was of french canadian origin ; her mother is polish american . sevigny starred in many independent or " avant garde " movies during the 1990s and 2000s . she also had a fashion career during the mid 1990s .
a dean is the title of a high official in a church or college.at one time all ancient colleges were entirely run by priests . in england , you could not even be a student unless you were a member of a church of england congregation . in those days , a dean was a senior person who looked after the people and finance , and that is usually so today . but now there are two kinds of dean :
terrel howard bell ( november 11 , 1921 – june 22 , 1996 ) was an american politician . he was the second united states secretary of education . he was in the ronald reagan cabinet . he served from january 1981 through january 1985 . bell was born in salt lake city , utah . he studied at southern idaho college of education . bell died in salt lake city from pulmonary fibrosis , aged 74 .
peter henry fonda ( february 23 , 1940 – august 16 , 2019 ) was an american actor . he and dennis hopper starred in the motorcycle movies , " the wild angels " and " easy rider " . he appeared in many other movies , including " ulee 's gold " , in which he was nominated for an academy award , " thomas and the magic railroad " and " the passion of ayn rand " .
fnmtv premiers is a television program shown on mtv . the program is hosted by pete wentz of rock band fall out boy . " fnmtv " is shown every friday night . it shows all new never - before seen music videos and live performances . the program has had several famous guests including lil wayne , jonas brothers , miley cyrus , rihanna , maroon 5 , and katy perry .
a kinder joy is an egg - shaped candy . it was first released in 2001 in italy . it has 2 cocoa balls , milk cream , and chocolate on the bottom on one side . on the other side , it has a spoon on the top of the outside of it and a toy.on november 13 , 2017 , it was announced that it will be released in the united states in the next week after that .
peney - le - jorat is a former municipality of the district gros - de-vaud in the canton of vaud in switzerland . on 1 july 2011 the former municipalities of villars - tiercelin , montaubion - chardonney , sottens , villars - mendraz and peney - le - jorat merged to form the new municipality of jorat - menthue .
bottle caps are used to seal the opening of bottles . for glass bottles , these are usually small , specially adapted pieces of metal . with plastic bottles , plastic caps are used instead.the original bottle cap was called crown cork . it is pressed onto the bottle , and can be removed , using a bottle opener.in recent years bottle caps with screw on mounts are used that way , a bottle opener is no longer required .
fruitarianism is a diet where people mostly eat fruits , and possibly nuts and seeds , without animal products . fruitarianism is a strict of dietary veganism.fruitarians can become a fruitarian for different reasons , including ethical , religious , environmental , cultural , economic , and health reasons . there are many types of the diet . some people whose diet consists of 75 % or more fruit consider themselves fruitarians .
grand duchess xenia alexandrovna of russia ( ; 6 april 1875 – 20 april 1960 ) was a daughter of tsar alexander iii of russia and the eldest of czar nicholas ii two sisters . she married her cousin grand duke alexander mikailovich of russia and had seven children . during her brother 's reign , she lived a private life . however , when monarchy fell , she escaped russia and lived in england .
the blythe intaglios are a group of figures on the ground near blythe , california . they are similar to the nazca lines in peru . they can be seen well only from high up . one of the figures is mustamho , a creator deity.the blythe intaglios are on the national register of historic places . they are also a california historical landmark .
anastasia : the mystery of anna ( sometimes called anastasia : the story of anna ) is a 1986 golden globe and emmy award - winning tv movie , starring amy irving and olivia de havilland . the movie was loosely based on the story of grand duchess anastasia nikolaevna of russia and the novel " the riddle of anna anderson " by peter kurth . it was christian bale 's first movie and was originally broadcast in two parts .
taiki morii ( 森井 大輝 morii taiki ? ) ( born july 9 , 1980 ) is a skier from japan . he has a disability and uses a wheelchair . he skied at the 2011 ipc alpine skiing world championships . he was the first skier to finish in the giant slalom race , and was the second skier to finish in the sitting men 's downhill race and the super-g race .
martin nag ( 30 july 1926 – 2 may 2015 ) was a norwegian literary historian , literary critic , poet , essayist , translator and biographer . he was born in stavanger . nag was known for his books " uro , rød lørdag " ( 1976 ) and " steingjerde " ( 1991 ) . nag died of a severe stroke in oslo at the age of 88 .
jealousy or envy is a feeling ( or emotion ) people get when they want what others have . this is a negative feeling . when someone is jealous of someone else , they usually dislike the other person . these particular emotions are usually caused by a person having a certain object or quality which you desire but can not obtain . jealousy is caused by lacking of self confidence and judging your abilities . jealousy is not reasonable rationally .
saint thérèse of lisieux ( 1873 - 1897 ) ( aka . st therese of the child jesus / sainte thérèse de lisieux ) is doctor of the catholic church , which means that her life and writings are considered particularly important for catholics . she is also called the little flower of jesus . she lived in france as a nun , and died at 24 from tuberculosis . mother teresa chose her name in honor of her .
melvin earl " mel " clark ( july 7 , 1926 – may 1 , 2014 ) was an american major league baseball outfielder . he went to ohio university and was signed by the philadelphia phillies in 1947 . he played with the phillies from 1951 to 1955 and with the detroit tigers in 1957 . he was born in letart , west virginia.clark died on may 1 , 2014 in west columbia , west virginia , aged 87 .
gumi is the second largest city in gyeongsangbuk - do , south korea . it is in the mid central part of gyeongsangbuk - do . the nakdong river runs through the city . gumi is well known for its national industrial complex which was built in the 1970s . manufacturing is the major industry of gumi now , but agriculture was the main one before the complex was built .
franz vranitzky ( born 4 october 1937 ) is an austrian politician . he is a member of the social democratic party of austria ( spö ) , he was chancellor of austria from 1986 to 1997 . in 1984 , vranitzky joined the spö - freedom party ( fpö ) government coalition under chancellor fred sinowatz as minister of finance . he is a former member of the steering committee of the bilderberg group .
pamela rendi - wagner ( born 7 may 1971 ) is an austrian physician and politician . she is the chairwoman of the social democratic party ( spö ) since november 2018 . she is the first woman to lead the spö.from march 2017 to december 2017 rendi - wagner was minister of health and women . since november 2017 she is a member of the national council and since october 2018 she also is the parliamentary leader of her party there .
karen percy is ( born october 10 , 1966 ) in banff , alberta is a canadian olympic skier . she had her olympic debut in 1988 . she was in canada ’s sports hall of fame in the year 1994 . we went to be on the canadian olympic hall of fame the next year . she also became a member of the order of canada in 1988 . in 2005 , she got into the banff sports hall of fame .
penzance ( ) is a town and port in cornwall , south west england . it is near land 's end and the most westerly major town in england . many people live and work in penzance . in 2001 , there were 21,168 people living in penzance . the main cornish railway line ends at penzance . the fishing port of newlyn is close to penzance .
stewart haas racing is a nascar racing team based in kannapolis , north carolina . the team is co-owned by tony stewart and gene haas . there are currently four monster energy nascar cup series drivers on the team : kevin harvick , aric almirola , clint bowyer , and kurt busch . two xfinity series drivers drive for the team : harvick and chase briscoe .
henry iv ( 1050 – 1106 ) was king of germany from 1056 and holy roman emperor from 1084 , till he was forced to step down in 1105 . he was the third emperor of the salian dynasty and one of the most interesting and important figures of the eleventh century . his reign was marked by the investiture controversy with the papacy and several civil wars with pretenders to his throne in italy and germany .
the wingate institute ( ) is a sports training academy in israel . it was established in 1957 . the institute is named after orde wingate , who was a british general in the mandate of palestine . the wingate campus includes schools and local organizations of sport . the wingate institute is located in netanya and has a supplementary compound in tel aviv , the national sport center , that includes many headquarters of israeli sport organizations .
father jacques marquette s.j . ( june 1 , 1637 – may 18 , 1675 ) , sometimes known as père marquette or james marquette , was a french jesuit missionary . he founded michigan 's first european settlement , sault ste . marie , and later founded st. ignace , michigan.in 1673 father marquette and louis jolliet were the first europeans to explore and map the northern portion of the mississippi river valley .
wendy hughes ( 29 july 1952 – 8 march 2014 ) was an australian actress . she worked mostly in television and theatre . hughes ' career began in the mid-1970s . she also appeared in movies . some of which includes " newsfront " , " kostas " , " my brilliant career " , " lucinda brayford " , and " touch and go " . hughes died in sydney from cancer , aged 61 .
arlette zola ( b . 29 april 1949 ) is a swiss singer . she was born arlette jaquet in the city of fribourg . zola was in the eurovision song contest in 1982 . zola was placed third behind germany and israel . she made two more tries at reaching the eurovision finals . in 1984 she took third place in the swiss final . 1985 also saw her in third spot .
chlorine dioxide is a chemical compound ( a thing made when two or more chemical elements attach to each other ) . its chemical formula is clo . the cl means 1 chlorine ion and the o2 means two oxide ions . the chlorine is in its +4 oxidation state . that means that when the chemical compound was made , four electrons were taken from the chlorine and given to the oxygens .
juanita moore ( october 19 , 1914 - january 1 , 2014 ) was an american movie and television actress . she was nominated for the academy award for best supporting actress for her role in " imitation of life " . she was the fifth african - american actor to be nominated for an academy award and the third in that category.moore died on january 1 , 2014 from natural causes at her home in los angeles . she was aged 99 .
typesetting is the making of block - printed writing which is formed by using types grouped from sorts.typesetting uses the earlier steps of designing a font and storing it in some manner . typesetting is the taking of the stored letters ( called " sorts " in mechanical systems and " glyphs " in digital systems ) and the ordering of them in the manner of a language 's orthography for showing them on a page .
james henry hammond ( november 15 , 1807 – november 13 , 1864 ) was from south carolina . he served as a united states representative from 1835 to 1836 , governor of south carolina from 1842 to 1844 , and united states senator from 1857 to 1860 . he had a son . he was also a slave owner ; his plantation is in redcliffe park in south carolina . the stables at redcliffe park were either built by him or his son .
the life of pablo is the seventh studio album by american rapper kanye west . it was released in early 2016 by roc - a-fella records , good music and def jam recordings . most recording of the album took place between 2013 and 2016 and production was done mainly by west as well as other big producers like mike dean and rick rubin . it got good reviews from music critics and also debuted at number one on the " billboard " 200 .
avraham " avi " duan ( 17 october 1955 – 22 september 2018 ) was an israeli politician . he was a member of the knesset for kadima between 2012 and 2013 . he was born in ramat gan , israel . in 2008 he headed shaul mofaz 's campaign for the kadima leadership election.he lost his seat in the 2013 elections . he died on 22 september 2018 , aged 62 .
darrell clayton hammond ( born october 8 , 1955 ) is an american actor , stand - up comedian and impressionist . he was a regular on " saturday night live " from 1995 until 2009 , the longest term of any cast member in the show 's history.in 2014 , he became the official announcer of snl after the death of don pardo . he is known for playing bill clinton , colonel sanders , sean connery , and donald trump .
the group of seven ( g7 ) is an international group made up of the seven largest imf - described advanced economies in the world : canada , france , germany , italy , japan , the united kingdom and the united states.in 2018 , the seven countries represented 58 % of the global net wealth ( $ 317 trillion ) and more than 46 % of the global gross domestic product ( gdp ) . the european union is an invitee to g7 .
a simile is a figure of speech that compares two different things , usually by using the words ' like ' or ' as ' . it is used to make a " direct comparison " . similes may be confused with metaphors , which do the same kind of thing . similes use comparisons , with the words ' like ' or ' as ' . metaphors use indirect comparisons , without the words ' like ' or ' as ' .
thomas horn , jr. ( november 21 , 1860 – november 20 , 1903 ) was an american old west scout , who carried out various lines of work , including hired gunman , detective , cowboy , and soldier . he is believed to have committed 17 killings throughout the west as a hired gunman . in 1902 horn was convicted of the murder of 14 - year - old willie nickell near iron mountain , wyoming , for which crime he was hanged .
the kinsey reports are two books , published in 1948 and 1953 by alfred kinsey and his co-workers . the books " sexual behaviour in the human male " and " sexual behaviour in the human female " , were based on thousands of interviews by kinsey and his team.the books were shocking when they came out , as they talked about subjects that were taboo . it also questioned widely - held beliefs about sexuality . they were controversial .
the iphone 4 is a smartphone made by apple . it was first released on june 24 , 2010 . it was the first iphone to include a front - facing camera.the iphone 4 was praised for being much more powerful than its previous models . it was also highly praised for its new design . however , it was criticized widely for occasionally reducing the strength of cellular data from calls if the user 's hand covers the bottom - left of the phone .
kamaljit singh jhooti ( born 26 march 1981 ) , better known by his stage name jay sean , is an english singer - songwriter , record producer , and arranger . his singles " maybe " and " ride it " were released in the 2000s and topped the uk singles chart . his single " down " featuring american rapper lil wayne , was released on 31 may 2009 and his first single released in america . he also collaborated with alesha dixon .
jed allan ( born jed allan brown ; march 1 , 1935 – march 9 , 2019 ) was an american actor and game show host . he was born in new york city . allan was known for his roles on soap operas . he was best known for his role as don craig in " days of our lives " , which he played from 1971 to 1985 . allan died one week after his 84th birthday on march 9 , 2019 in palm desert , california .
whidbey island ( historical spellings whidby , whitbey , or whitby ) is the largest of the islands making up island county , washington , in the united states . whidbey is about north of seattle , and lies between the olympic peninsula and the i - 5 . it is home to naval air station whidbey island.whidbey island is home to 67,000 residents ( according to the 2000 census ) .
andre kirk agassi ( born april 29 , 1970 ) is a retired professional tennis player from the united states . he was the first tennis player to have won all grand slam tournaments on four different surfaces . later , roger federer and rafael nadal did the same . he is one of the most successful tennis players in history and was formerly ranked number 1 in the world . he is married to former women 's number one tennis player steffi graf .
jean - michel larrasket ( 22 may 1950 – 19 march 2018 ) was a french professor and engineer . he served as vice-president for the northern basque country in the basque studies society from 2012 until his death in 2018 . larrasket was known for his several projects for the social and economic development of the northern basque country and he was also one of the founders of the " eticoop " cooperative that promotes entrepreneurship in this geographical area .
voyeurism is when a person gets sexual pleasure from the fact that they can see other people doing things that are normally private , such as getting undressed , or being naked , or having sex . the people being watched are usually not aware of the voyeur ( watcher ) . voyerurism is an important concept in movie . some movies can be voyeuristic , even if they do not have sex or nudity in them .
alfredo félix alcón ( ; 3 march 1930 – 11 april 2014 ) was an argentine theatre and movie actor . alcón born in buenos aires . widely considered one of the best , one of the most important and most acclaimed argentine actors.he worked in more than 50 movies . his first movie was , " el amor nunca muere " ( " love never dies " ) , in 1955 . he died in buenos aires at the age of 84 from a respiratory illness .
the avenger was the second full - length album by the death metal band amon amarth . it was released by metal blade records on september 2 , 1999 . it was the first album to feature the guitarist johan söderberg and the drummer fredrik andersson . the digipak version contained a re-recording of their first demo thor arise . it was first released in lp format , but was then re-released by metal blade records in 2005 .
ingrid newkirk ( born june 11 , 1949 ) is an animal rights activist . she started people for the ethical treatment of animals ( peta ) in 1980 with alex pacheco . it is the world 's biggest animal rights organization . in 2007 hbo showed a documentary called " i am an animal : the story of ingrid newkirk and peta " . in 2010 jezebel called newkirk ' the worst person in the world ' .
dick rivers ( born hervé forneri ; 24 april 1945 – 24 april 2019 ) was a french singer and actor . he was born in nice , france . he began performing in the early 1960s . he was an important figure in introducing rock and roll music in france . he was inspired by elvis presley . he formed his band les chats sauvages in 1961 . rivers died of cancer in paris on his 74th birthday on 24 april 2019 .
eritrea ( eri ) was first at the 2000 summer olympic games in sydney , australia . four years later , four athletes from eritrea were sent to the 2004 games in athens . zersenay tadese won the country 's first ever medal in the men 's 10000 meters.as of 2010 , eritrea has not been in any winter olympic games.the national olympic committee for eritrea was formed in 1996 . they were recognized by the international olympic committee in 1999 .
sir run run shaw cbe , gbm ( 23 november 1907 – 7 january 2014 ) was an important name in hong kong cinema . he made many films with his brother runme shaw . later in life , he has donated a lot of money to charity , schools , and hospitals.he died at his residence on the morning of 7 january 2014 at 6:55 am ( hkt ) at the age of 106 from natural causes , peacefully with his family by his side .
carla bozulich is an american musician . she is known for being the lead singer of the geraldine fibbers . she was born in new york city . in 1993 " happy days , sweetheart " , the only album by ethyl meatplow , a band bozulich was a member of , was released . in 2003 she released her first solo album , " the red headed stranger " . in 2012 she released an album with ches smith .
darrel burton " pete " brewster ( september 1 , 1930 – january 3 , 2020 ) was an american football player and coach . he played as a tight end . he played for the cleveland browns ( 1952 – 1958 ) and pittsburgh steelers ( 1959 – 1960 ) . he was chosen for the pro bowl in 1955 and 1956 . he was born in portland , indiana.brewster died in belton , missouri on january 3 , 2020 . he was 89 .
south sinai governorate is a governorate in egypt . the capital city is el tor . it has the fewest people of any governorate in egypt . it is on the southern half of the sinai peninsula.saint catherine 's monastery , an eastern orthodox church monastery and unesco world heritage site , is in the central part of the governorate . raithu monastery is in el tor . other important sites in the governorate are wadi mukattab and wadi feiran .
donauwörth is a city in bavaria in germany . it is the capital of the district of donau - ries . the mayor is currently armin neudert from the christian social union of bavaria . the city is said to have been founded by two fishermen where two rivers meet . the city is on the scenic route called the " romantische straße " ( romantic road ) . it is twinned with the town of perchtoldsdorf , austria .
sylvia robinson ( born march 6 1936 - died september 29 2011 ) was an american singer , musician , record label executive and record producer who founded and was ceo of the sugar hill record company in the 1970s . she began recording in 1950 through columbia records . she also had several hit songs , with other musicians and solo , including the sensual song " pillow talk " . robinson was born in new york city . she died due to congestive heart failure at age 75 .
ferris wheels ( sometimes called big wheels in the united kingdom ) are large , round , revolving structures with gondolas where people sit . they are popular at amusement parks and fairs . they are named after george washington gale ferris , jr. , who made the first modern wheel for the world 's columbian exposition in 1893 . when he built it , it was 264 feet tall . they called it the " chicago wheel " after chicago , illinois where it was on display .
sportswear is clothing , including footwear , worn for playing sports or to exercise.sportswear includes shorts , tracksuits , t - shirts , polo shirts and trainers . it also includes some underwear , such as the jockstrap . sportswear is also often worn as casual fashion clothing.sports athletes wear a combination of different items of clothing such as sport shoes , pants and shirts . some athletes wear personal armour such as helmets or american football body armour .
the indian roller " ( coracias benghalensis ) " , is a member of the roller family of birds . they are found widely across tropical asia stretching from iraq eastward across the indian subcontinent to indochina and are best known for the aerobatic displays of the male during the breeding season . they are very commonly seen perched along roadside trees and wires and are commonly seen in open grassland and scrub forest habitats . it is not migratory , but undertakes some seasonal movements .
the is a ruined château at nantouillet , a very small town in the seine - et - marne département of north - central france . antoine duprat , a french cardinal and politician , built it in the 16th century . he died in the château on 15 july 1535 . there was an old fort on the land before duprat built the château . . the château was classed as a " monument historique " ( historic monument ) of france in 1862 .
anderson da silva ( born april 14 , 1975 ) is a brazilian muay thai fighter and mixed martial artist ( mma ) . he is a former ufc middleweight champion . he is also the current cage rage world middleweight champion . silva is the longest - reigning champion in that promotion . he has competed in pride fighting championships , shooto , and rumble on the rock . silva holds notable wins over rich franklin , hayato sakurai , nathan marquardt and jeremy horn .
charles stuart " charlie " kaufman ( born november 1 , 1958 ) is an american screenwriter . some of the movies he wrote screenplays for are " being john malkovich " , " adaptation " , " human nature " , and " eternal sunshine of the spotless mind " . charlie kaufman is known for writing very surreal movies - that is , movies where the plot has things in it that could never happen in real life , or that make the audience notice that they are watching a movie .
araceli herrero figueroa ( 22 june 1948 – 10 june 2020 ) was a spanish writer . herrero figueroa was a philologist who focused on the study of the galician language . she was a professor at the university of santiago de compostela . herrero figueroa born in lugo.herrero figueroa died during the covid - 19 pandemic in spain in lugo from the virus on 10 june 2020 , aged 71 .
lohengrin is a character in some german stories of arthurian literature . he is the son of parzival ( percival ) , he is a knight of the holy grail who is sent in a boat pulled by swans to rescue a girl who is falsely accused of murder . he must never tell anyone his name his story is a version of the knight of the swan legend . it is particularly famous now as an opera , " lohengrin " by richard wagner ( 1849 ) .
the yalobusha river is a river , long , in north - central mississippi in the united states . it is a principal tributary of the yazoo river , which is part of the watershed of the mississippi river.the name " yalobusha " comes from the choctaw word " yalooboshi " , meaning " little tadpole " , from " yalooba " , " tadpole " , and " - ushi " , " diminutive " .
flensburg ( danish : " flensborg " , low saxon : " flensborg " , north frisian : " flansborj " ) is a city in germany , next to the border to denmark . there are about 84,000 people living in flensburg . the city has a university . a very well known part of flensburg is mürwik . there lies a small marine harbour . flensburg lives on tourism , students and the german marine forces .
andrea pollack ( 8 may 1961 – 13 march 2019 ) was a german butterfly swimmer . she was born in schwerin , east germany . pollack won two gold medals at the 1976 summer olympics in montreal , quebec , canada , at age fifteen . she won a gold in the 4 × 100 m medley relay and a silver in the 100 m butterfly at the 1980 moscow olympics.pollack died on 13 march 2019 from pancreatic cancer in berlin , aged 57 .
smilja avramov ( 15 february 1918 – 2 october 2018 ) was a serbian academic , authority and educator . she worked in international law . she was a member of the senate of republika srpska from 1996 to 2009 . avramov was a professor of international law at the law faculty at belgrade university . she turned 100 in february 2018 . avramov died at her apartment in belgrade on 2 october 2018 from congestive heart failure at the age of 100 .
nathan hale ( june 6 , 1755 – september 22 , 1776 ) was a soldier in the continental army during the american revolutionary war . he volunteered for a spying mission in new york city , but was captured by the british and executed . he is probably best remembered for possibly saying before being hanged : " i only regret that i have but one life to give for my country . " hale has long been considered an american hero . in 1985 , he was officially designated the state hero of connecticut .
chinese postal romanization was the old way of spelling chinese place names in the roman alphabet until the 1980s , when hanyu pinyin became the standard way for writing chinese in the roman alphabet worldwide . while mainland china uses only hanyu pinyin for almost all chinese place names , taiwan still uses chinese postal romanization to spell their cities ' names , like taipei , taichung , and kaohsiung . in this system , there are no apostrophes , dashes , or tone markers .
pin stripes are a pattern of very thin stripes running in parallel found in cloth.although pin stripes are found in mostly in men 's suits , any type of fabric can be pin striped . in baseball , the chicago cubs baseball uniforms have had pin stripes since 1907 and they are recognized as the first major league baseball team to have pin striping onto a baseball uniform . many other major league baseball teams like the montreal expos and new york yankees later put pin stripes on their own uniforms .
john graves ( august 6 , 1920 – july 30 , 2013 ) was an american writer . he was best known for his book " goodbye to a river " . graves was born on august 6 , 1920 in fort worth , texas . he studied at rice institute and at columbia university . graves was divorced from an early marriage . his family moved to glen rose , texas . graves continued writing shortly before his death on july 30 , 2013 in glen rose , texas from natural causes , aged 92 .
frenzy is a 1972 british crime thriller movie set in london . it is directed by alfred hitchcock starring alex mccowen and barry foster . it tells the story of an innocent man , played by mccowen who is wrongly believed to be a serial killer by the police and his efforts to avoid capture and bring the real killer to justice . this was the second to last movie that hitchcock made before he died in 1980 and the first time in many years he had made a movie in the united kingdom .
desktop publishing ( also known as dtp ) is the creation of documents using page layout software on a personal computer.the term has been used for publishing at all levels , from small - circulation documents such as local newsletters to books , magazines and newspapers . however the term implies a more professional - looking end result , with a more complex layout , than word processing , and so when introduced in the 1980s was often used in connection with homes and small organisations who could not previously produce publication - quality documents themselves .
may is the fifth month of the year , coming between april and june . it has 31 days . the month of may might have been named for the roman goddess maia , or more likely the roman goddess of fertility bona dea , whose festival was held in may.may never begins or ends on the same day of the week as any other month.may 's flower is the lily of the valley . its birthstone is the emerald . the meaning of the emerald is success in love .
robert clary ( born robert max widerman ; march 1 , 1926 ) is a french - american actor , writer and lecturer . he is best known for his role as corporal lebeau ( " frenchie " ) in the television sitcom " hogan 's heroes " . he is the last surviving main cast member since the death of cynthia lynn in march 2014 . clary was born in paris . he is jewish and survived the buchenwald concentration camp in weimar , germany during the holocaust of world war ii .
frank white ( born september 4 , 1950 in greenville , mississippi ) is a retired american baseball player and is a former coach of the kansas city royals . he was a second baseman . he now is part of the television broadcast team for the royals.white won the world series with the kansas city royals in 1985 . his number ( # 20 ) is retired by the royals . he is one of only two royals players to have his number retired by the team ( the other is george brett ) .
budi karya sumadi ( born 18 december 1956 ) is an indonesian politician and architect . since 2016 , he has served as the minister of transportation in joko widodo 's working cabinet . he was born in palembang , south sumatra . he studied architecture at gadjah mada university , yogyakarta.on 14 march 2020 , during the 2019 – 20 coronavirus pandemic , it was made clear that sumadi had tested positive to covid - 19 .
a peace treaty is a formal ( official ) agreement which ends a conflict . the conflict is usually between countries or governments , but may be between any other kind of group . the conflict is usually armed conflict , such as war , or serious disputes which might lead to war.a peace treaty is different from an armistice , which is an agreement to cease hostilities , or a surrender , in which one side agrees to give up its arms.peace treaties are made in stages : peace treaties may include various items :
the canadian national railway company is a class i railway . its headquarters are in montreal , quebec . it serves canada and both the midwestern and southern united states . in 2011 , bill gates was the largest single shareholder of cn stock . cn owns around 20,400 route miles ( 32,831 km ) of track in eight provinces . there is also a 70 - mile ( 113 km ) stretch of track into the northwest territories , to hay river on the southern shore of great slave lake .
" you lost me " is a song by american singer christina aguilera , from her 2010 album " bionic " . the song was written by aguilera , samuel dixon and sia furler . it 's a slow melody pop - ballad song that talks about a cheating boyfriend , who has left the world in aguilera 's view as " infected " . it was released on july 6 , 2010 as the third single from aguilera 's " bionic " album .
guru ram das ( ) was born on september 24 1534 in lahore , punjab , pakistan and died 1 september , 1581 , in amritsar , punjab , india . he became the fourth of the ten sikh gurus on march 26 1552 . he urged sikhs to not just sit in peace while meditating . he urged them to actively join in with other peoples fun while meditating.guru ram das nominated guru arjun dev , his youngest son , as the next guru of the sikhs .
le havre is a city in normandy . it is one of the most important ports in france . it is located on the right bank of the seine river along the english channel.the city and port were founded by the king francis i of france in 1517 . the city was bombed during world war ii . the damaged area was rebuilt by auguste perret from 1945 to 1964 . this section was named a world heritage site by unesco.the école de management de normandie is located in the city .
myer samuel kripke ( january 21 , 1914 – april 11 , 2014 ) was an american rabbi , scholar , and philanthropist . he was the leader of beth el synagogue . he was also known for investing into warren buffett.kripke was born in toledo , ohio . he and his wife , dorothy , had three children . their son , saul , is a philosopher and logician.kripke died from natural causes on april 11 , 2014 in omaha , nebraska , aged 100 .
michel suleiman or sleiman ( " " , born 21 november 1948 ) is a lebanese politician . he was the president of lebanon from 2008 to 2014 . before becoming president , he served as commander of the lebanese armed forces from 1998 to 2008 . after lebanese armed forces ( laf ) commander émile lahoud took office as president in november 1998 , suleiman succeeded him , taking his place in december . suleiman was later elected president and was sworn into office on 25 may 2008 .
a province in vietnam ( ) is the region of authority . if the province is in the city ( ) , then it will have districts ( ) . if the city has some country districts attached , then they are separated as counties ( ) . inside the city , the districts break down into smaller divisions called city wards ( ) . if the county is outside the city , or in a country province , then that county will be broken down into smaller divisional areas ( ) . there are more divisions in every province :
seretse khama ian khama ( or ian a serêtsê ; born 27 february 1953 ) was the president of botswana from 2008 to 2018 . khama was vice president of botswana before he became president . he was also a pilot in his younger years . khama began his term as president on 1 april 2008 and served until 1 april 2018 . his predecessor was festus mogae . his father , seretse khama , was the first president of botswana .
" jingle bells " is a popular american winter song about riding through the snow in a sleigh . it was written by james lord pierpont ( 1822 – 1893 ) of medford , massachusetts . it was published under the title " one horse open sleigh " in the autumn of 1857 . it was written to be sung for thanksgiving . it is also sung at christmas . it is sung at christmas so much that most people believe it is a christmas song , but it is not .
the royal institution of great britain ( usually the royal institution or ri ) is an organisation devoted to scientific education and research , based in london.the royal institution was founded in 1799 by the leading british scientists of the age , including henry cavendish . its purpose was to : directors of the r.i. have included some of the greatest scientists , including humphrey davy , michael faraday , sir william henry bragg and sir william lawrence bragg , max perutz and john kendrew . fifteen directors have won nobel prizes .
guillain – barré syndrome ( gbs ) , sometimes landry 's paralysis or guillain – barré – strohl syndrome is a syndrome that causes weakness of the feet and hands . guillain – barré syndrome is rare , at 1 – 2 cases per 100,000 people annually , but is the most common cause of acute non-trauma-related paralysis . the syndrome is named after the french physicians georges guillain and jean alexandre barré , who described it in 1916 .
lorine zineb nora talhaoui ( born 16 october 1983 in stockholm ) , better known by her stage name loreen , is a swedish pop singer and music producer . she has moroccan - berber ancestry . loreen represented sweden in the eurovision song contest 2012 in baku , azerbaijan . she sang " euphoria " . she was discovered in the swedish casting show " idol " . after winning the eurovision song contest 2012 , her song was number one in the billboard charts in many countries .
he is also known for his discovery of cytokines : il - 4 and il - 5 , as well as the discovery of activation - induced cytidine deaminase ( aid ) . he was elected as a foreign associate of the national academy of sciences in 2001 . he is a member of german academy of natural scientists leopoldina ( 2003 ) , and also as a member of the japan academy ( 2005 ) . in 2018 , he was awarded the nobel prize in physiology or medicine along with james p. allison .
aloyzas kveinys ( 9 july 1962 — 26 july 2018 ) was a lithuanian chess player . he was awarded the grandmaster title in 1992 . he was born in mažeikiai , lithuania.kveinys was awarded the soviet master of sport title for chess in 1981 . he won the lithuanian championship 5 times : in 1983 ( shared with eduardas rozentalis ) , 1986 , 2001 ( shared with šarūnas šulskis ) , 2008 and 2012 . in 2010 he won a tournament in moss , norway .
the prince edward islands are two islands in the subantarctic indian ocean . they are part of south africa . the two islands are called marion island and prince edward island . the only people on the islands are meteorologists and biologists.now they are allowing more people to live there.the islands were discovered in 1769 by a dutch explorer . different people visited the islands over the years but no one settled there . the british claimed the islands in 1908 , then gave the islands to south africa in 1948 .
the 2014 fifa world cup final was a football match that took place on 13 july 2014 at the maracanã stadium in rio de janeiro , brazil to determine the 2014 fifa world cup champion . germany defeated argentina 1 – 0 in extra time , with the only goal being scored by mario götze . the match was the third final between the two countries , a world cup record , after their 1986 and 1990 matches , and billed as the world 's best player ( lionel messi ) versus the world 's best team ( germany ) .
heinrich ludwig fütterer ( 14 october 1931 – 10 february 2019 ) was a german athlete . he mainly competed in sprint events . his best time in the 100 meters was 10.2 seconds , which equaled the world record held by jesse owens and a number of other sprinters . in 1954 he won two gold medals at the european championships in bern , switzerland , in 1958 he won the relay with germany.he won the bronze medal at the 1956 summer olympics.fütterer died on 10 february 2019 in illingen , germany , aged 87 .
mortrée is a village in normandy , in the orne department . it covers . it is at above sea level . there are 1042 people living there in 2012 . the famous normand family named " d' o " lived here . it became famous in the first crusade . the marquis d' o ( died in 1594 ) was finance minister and he was the favourite of henry iii of france.on 1 january 2019 , the former commune saint - hilaire - la - gérard was merged into mortrée .
doris leon " d. l. " menard ( april 14 , 1932 – july 27 , 2017 ) was an american singer - songwriter and guitarist in contemporary cajun music . he was called the " cajun hank williams . " he was born in erath , louisiana . in 2010 , his album happy go lucky was nominated for a grammy award in the best zydeco or cajun music album category.menard died on july 27 , 2017 in scott , louisiana of a heart attack at the age of 85 .
cara mccollum ( february 6 , 1992 – february 22 , 2016 ) was an american journalist . she was a news presenter for " snj today " , which she joined in july 2015 . she was miss new jersey 2013 and competed for the miss america 2014 title in september 2013 . she was born in forrest city , arkansas.mccollum died at the age of 24 on february 22 , 2016 , in camden , new jersey . she died because of injuries she got a week earlier from a car accident .
loretta lynn ( born april 14 , 1932 known as the first known lady of country music ) is an american country music singer and songwriter born in kentucky . she became a part of the country music scene in nashville during the 1960s ; in 1967 she charted her first of 16 number 1 songs overall . certain country music radio stations would not play her songs , however , due to subject matter . despite that , she had become the " first known lady of country music " and continues being one of the most successful vocalists of all time .
the 1928 okeechobee hurricane , also called the san felipe hurricane , was a very devastating tropical cyclone . almost 4,100 people died in the northeast caribbean , puerto rico and from southeast florida to north carolina . this hurricane had wind close to category 5 level when it hit puerto rico , when it was also a large hurricane . over 2,000 people died in the united states , making the storm one of the deadliest natural disasters in us history at that time . it struck florida at category 4 levels .
sadie sink ( born april 16 , 2002 ) is an american actress . she joined in a starring role as maxine " max " mayfield during the second season of the netflix series " stranger things " . she also had the role of suzanne ballard in the nbc series " american odyssey " . she appeared as annie in the 2012 production of the broadway musical " annie " . she has a boyfriend named earnest.t.jsink was born in brenham , texas . she moved to new jersey when she became an actress .
gary leah thomasson was born july 29 , 1951 in san diego , california . he was a professional baseball player . he played outfield in major league baseball from 1972 to 1980 and in japanese nippon pro baseball 1981 - 1982thomasson got a lot of attention when he joined the yomiuri giants . he got the largest contract ever in the nippon league . then , thomasson played poorly in his two years in japan . he almost set the league record for strikeouts . he ended his career with a knee injury .
patrick head ( born june 5 , 1945 in farnborough , england ) , is co-founder and engineering director of the williams formula one team.for 25 years from head was technical director at williams grand prix engineering , and responsible for many innovations within formula one . head oversaw the design and construction of williams cars until may 2004 when his role was handed over to sam michael . frequently blunt and outspoken , head has a formidable reputation for speaking his mind to both employees and the press , making him a highly popular figure in the sport .
a blue box is a device that someone could use to make free telephone calls . it worked by playing back the same sounds that the telephone company employees used to program their equipment.the most famous person to use a blue box was john draper , who went by the name captain crunch . draper taught steve wozniak how to build them . wozniak and steve jobs sold blue boxes to fellow students at the university of california , berkeley . one time , wozniak used a blue box to call the pope .
harold hooper ( born 14 june 1933 ) is an english former professional footballer . he played as an outside forward.hooper was born in pittington , county durham . he played for west ham united , wolverhampton wanderers , birmingham city , sunderland , kettering town , dunstable town and heanor town . he made more than 300 appearances in the football league . he played for england at under - 23 and " b " international level . he was in the full england squad at the 1954 fifa world cup but did not play .
johanne " jo " whiley ( born 4 july , 1965 in northampton ) is an english radio dj on bbc radio 1 , and television presenter . she had a weekday lunchtime show , called " the jo whiley show " and later " the lunchtime social " . when simon mayo left radio 1 for radio five live in february 2001 , whiley 's show was moved to mid-morning . in july 2009 , whiley published her autobiography , " my world in motion " , on cd from random house audiobooks .
donald hugh ( don ) harron , ( september 19 , 1924 – january 17 , 2015 ) was a canadian comedian , actor , television director , journalist , author , playwright and composer . harron was known for his roles in " charlie farquharson " and in " anne of green gables – the musical " . he hosted the radio program , " morningside " . harron was born in toronto , ontario.harron died in toronto from cancer , aged 90 . she was married to actress virginia leith .
helene & gänget was a dansband in kristianstad in sweden . it was founded in 1990 by members of the färmarna dansband . the band broke through in 1995 with the album " segla din båt i hamn " . the band broke up in 2002 and its singer helene persson begun acting as sr kristianstad programme host . famous songs recorded by the band are " segla din båt i hamn " , " en korg med blommor " and " nånstans så finns du " .
eurovision : europe shine a light was a live television programme , created by the european broadcasting union ( ebu ) . it replaced the eurovision song contest 2020 , which was going to be held in rotterdam , netherlands , but was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic.the show was shown live from hilversum , netherlands on 16 may 2020 and lasted for two hours . it was hosted by chantal janzen , edsilia rombley and jan smit , who had been chosen to present the eurovision song contest 2020 before its cancellation .
mrs. miniver is a 1942 british drama movie . it won six academy awards , including the best picture and best director . the movie is about a housewife during world war ii who finds herself confronting a german pilot , and about relationship disagreement . walter pidgeon and greer garson play mr. and mrs. miniver . may whitty plays lady beldon . " mrs . miniver " was released in june 1942 . it got very positive reviews from critics . it made a lot of money .
multiple birth is when one woman gives birth to more than one child at the same time . depending on the number of children born , it can be called twins ( two ) , triplets ( three ) , quadruplets ( four ) , and so on . there have been cases known in which a woman gave birth to eight children at once . these have a higher risk of dying.the chance of multiple birth grows when artificial insemination is used . it is therefore used in china to outsmart the one - child policy .
the a74 ( m ) and m74 are two connected motorways in scotland . they act as one motorway , usually just called the " m74 " . the motorway starts at the border with england . here , the m6 motorway turns into the a74 ( m ) motorway . the motorway connects the m6 with glasgow and the m8 . about halfway between the border with england and glasgow , the a74 ( m ) becomes the m74 . together , the motorways are long .
maria angelita ressa ( born october 2 , 1963 ) is a filipino - american journalist and author . she is best known for co-founding rappler as its chief executive officer . she worked as a lead investigative reporter in southeast asia for cnn.ressa was included in " time " s person of the year 2018 . on june 15 , 2020 , a court in manila found her guilty of cyberlibel . as she is a critic of philippine president rodrigo duterte . her arrest was seen as politically motivated .
money in the bank ( 2016 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view show made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) , which took place on july 18 , 2010 at the sprint center in kansas city , missouri . the event was subsequently re-staged on 4 october 2011 - at ally pally - whose main event featured rob corkum up against richard gizbert.the point of the event was based around the money in the bank ladder match , with two matches held at the show for the smackdown brand . eight matches took place .
the panama canal zone ( ) is a former unorganized united states territory . it is now the country of panama.in 1903 , the territory was controlled by the united states . as a part of the united states , the zone had several towns and military bases.the zone was disestablished in october 1 , 1979 as part of a treaty signed in 1977 by president jimmy carter and omar torrijos , the unofficial leader of panama.the panama canal was operated by the united states until december 31 , 1999 , when it returned to panama .
matthew tyler oakley ( born march 22 , 1989 ) is an american youtuber , actor , activist and author . his activism has been dedicated to lgbtq + youth , lgbt rights , as well as social issues including health care , education , and the prevention of suicide among lgbt youth . he was born in jackson , michigan.oakley began making videos in 2007 . oakley , who is openly gay , is a former member of the successful collaboration channel " 5awesomegays , " where he produced the friday video for over three years .
a bunsen burner is a common piece of laboratory equipment . it is commonly used for heating chemical substances , sterilization , and combustion . it works by burning flammable gas . it is named after robert wilhelm bunsen , a german chemist . he made important improvements on an earlier burner invented by michael faraday.the bunsen burner can be adjusted to make a flame that is very hot without making much light . this allows seeing the different colors that various chemicals make when they are sprinkled into the flame .
uppsala city ibk was a floorball club in the town of uppsala in sweden . the men 's team played in the swedish top division during the 1990s . during the same decade , the women 's team took over storvreta ibk 's place in the swedish league system . the women 's team 's played successful during swedish championship playoffs during the 1996 - 1997 season . during that season , the women 's team won the first semifinal game against högdalens ibf . however , they totally lost the semifinal series .
sheikh sulaiman bin abdulaziz al rajhi ( arabic سليمان بن عبد العزيز الراجحي , born 1924 ) is a saudi arabian business figure and billionaire . as of 2011 , his wealth was estimated by forbes to be $ 7.7 billion , making him the 120th richest person in the world.he received the 2012 king faisal international prize for dedicating half his fortune to charity , starting an islamic bank , supporting charity work and implementing effective national projects .
voot , launched in march 2016 , from the digital arms of viacom 18 . it 's viacom 18 's advertising - led - video - on - demand platform . that is available as an app for ios and android users , and a website for desktop consumption.voot is available only in india . and hosts over 40,000 hours of video content that includes shows from channels like , mtv india , nickelodeon , colors tv . content is also available in multi languages like , kannada , marathi , bengali , gujarati and tamil .
henry zuckerman ( december 9 , 1930 – january 8 , 2020 ) , credited as buck henry , was an american actor , writer , movie director , and television director . he was a cast member of " saturday night live " . he was nominated for an academy award twice , in 1968 for best adapted screenplay for " the graduate " and in 1979 for best director for " heaven can wait " . on january 8 , 2020 , henry died from a heart attack at cedars - sinai medical center in los angeles , california . he was 89 .
the killing of sister george is a 1964 stage play and 1968 erotic drama movie . the story shows lesbian romances . sister george is a character in the radio series " applehurst " . the movie of 1968 was rated x by the mpaa because of a graphic lesbian sex scene . it put a limit on movie screenings and its ability to advertise in mainstream newspapers . in the united kingdom , there were censorship issues . the movie was only passed under an x-rating in the united kingdom after a part about lesbian sex was removed .
surya bahadur thapa ( march 21 , 1928 – april 15 , 2015 ) was a nepalese politician . he has served as the prime minister of nepal for five terms , under three different kings , in a political career lasting more than 50 years . his terms were 1963 - 64 , 1965 – 69 , 1979 – 83 , 1997 – 98 and 2003 - 04 . surya bahadur thapa had been the first prime minister of the panchayat system.thapa died at the age of 87 in a hospital in delhi , india from respiratory failure after undergoing surgery .
kmfdm is a german industrial metal band . the five members of the band are leader , singer , and bassist sascha konietzko , singer lucia cifarelli , guitarist jules hodgson , guitarist steve white , and drummer andy selway . the band has sold more than 2 million albums.kmfdm formed on february 29 , 1984 , in paris , france . they made eleven albums between then and 1999 , when the band broke up . the band got back together in 2002 , and has made eight albums between then and 2015 .
the edmonton rush was a professional box lacrosse team in edmonton , alberta , canada . it was part of the west division of national lacrosse league ( nll ) . the team started playing in the nll in 2005 . they played their home games in rexall place.it had a rivalry with the calgary roughnecks , another nll team in alberta . the rivalry was part of the sports battle of alberta.on july 20 , 2015 , it was announced that the team was relocating to saskatoon , saskatchewan to become the saskatchewan rush for the 2016 season .
fernando luján ( born fernando ciangherotti díaz ; august 23 , 1939 – january 11 , 2019 ) was a colombian - born mexican movie and television actor . he was known for his many roles on telenovelas . his career began in 1952 and appeared in over 50 movies and hundreds of television shows . he starred as leonardo 's father in " overboard " ( 2018 ) . luján was born on august 23 , 1939 in bogotá . he died from respiratory failure on january 11 , 2019 in puerto escondido , oaxaca at the age of 79 .
harry potter and the half - blood prince was written by j. k. rowling and published on 16 july 2005 . the book is the sixth harry potter book.in the sixth book harry begins his sixth year at the magical school hogwarts with his best friends ron weasley and hermione granger . during the year he has help in his worst class by the mysterious half - blood prince ( also known as severus snape ) , he has his first romance and learns several very important facts about his enemy , voldemort .
stefan lippe ( october 11 , 1955 – april 24 , 2020 ) , was a german insurance manager . he was the ceo of swiss re from 2009 until 2012 . he then co-founded acqupart holding ag , where he was vice chairman of the board of directors , and acqufin ag . he also co-founded paperless inc . he became an axa director in 2012 and chairman of the axa audit committee in 2013 . lippe died on april 24 , 2020 of covid -19-related problems , aged 64 .
maría aurelia paula martínez suárez , known professionally as silvia legrand ( 23 february 1927 – 1 may 2020 ) , was an argentine movie actress . she co-starred with her twin sister mirtha legrand , in many movies and was the sister of director josé a. martínez suárez . she starred in some 20 movies between 1940 and 1972 . legrand was known for her roles in " educating niní " ( 1940 ) and in " seven women " ( 1944 ) . legrand died of cardiac arrest on 1 may 2020 in buenos aires , aged 93 .
joseph " joe " walsh ( 1 may 1943 – 9 november 2014 ) was an irish fianna fáil politician . he was a teachta dála ( td ) for cork south – west . he was first elected as a td at the 1977 general election.he lost his seat in 1981 but regained it again in 1982 and served as a td until retiring at the 2007 general election . he served as minister for agriculture and food on two occasions ( 1992 – 1994 and 1997 – 2004 ) . walsh died on 9 november 2014 in wilton , cork , ireland , aged 71 .
a subset is a set which has some ( or all ) of the elements of another set , called superset , but does not have any elements that the superset does not have . a subset which does not have all the elements of its superset is called a proper subset . we use the symbol ⊆ to say a set is a subset of another set . we can also use ⊂ if it is a proper subset . the symbols ⊃ ⊇ are opposite - they tell us the second element is a ( proper ) subset of the first.examples :
binghamton is a city in the u.s. state of new york . it is near pennsylvania , and sits along the susquehanna river . in 2010 , 47,376 people lived in the city , while 251,725 people lived in the metropolitan area . in the past , binghamton was known for making cigars , shoes , and computers . ibm started in the binghamton area . today , the area is home to binghamton university.binghamton is home to the binghamton senators hockey team and the binghamton mets baseball team .
alan jay pakula ( april 7 , 1928 – november 19 , 1998 ) was an american movie director , writer and producer . he was nominated for three academy awards : best picture for " to kill a mockingbird " ( 1962 ) , best director for " all the president 's men " ( 1976 ) and best adapted screenplay for " sophie 's choice " ( 1982 ) . he was also known for his movies " klute " and " the parallax view " . pakula was killed in a car accident in melville , new york , aged 70 .
alghero ( italian pronunciation : [ alˈɡɛro ] ; , ipa : [ ɫəɫˈɣe ] , locally : [ lalˈɣe ] ; ; ) , is a city of about 44,000 citizens in italy . it lies in the province of sassari in northwestern sardinia , next to the sea.in the 1930s , the swedish writer amelie posse brazdova wrote a book entitled " sardinia side show " , where she told the complete story of 2 years she spent " interned " in alghero old town during world war i .
suvarna sahakari bank was a private indian co-operative bank started by dnyaneshwar agashe in 1969 . it was started to cater to the banking needs , primarily of pune 's middle class marathi population . after the controversial 2004 bcci election scandal , the bank is most notable as the central business involved in agashe 's alleged scam case between 2006 and 2008 , follow by plans for a merger with , it was finally dissolved and merged with in 2009 . the bank 's failure amidst a political scandal is widely cited today in the .
alphabay market is an online darknet market operating on the tor network . pre-launched in november 2014 and officially launched on december 22 , 2014 , it saw a steady growth , with 14,000 new users in the first 90 days of operation . the darknet informer website gwern.net placed alphabay market in the top tier of markets regarding the 6 - month survival probability and it has proven to be successful . in october 2015 , it was recognized as the largest online darknet market according to dan palumbo , research director at digital citizens alliance .
orpiment is a mineral . its chemical formula is ass . it is an orange to yellow mineral . it has a mohs hardness of 1.5 to 2 and a specific gravity of 3.46 . it melts at 300 ° c and oxidizes to arsenic trioxide at higher temperatures . it is toxic because it gets a layer of arsenic trioxide on it by oxidation in the air.orpiment was used as a pigment because it was one of the only yellow pigments that they could find . it is used to remove hair from hides .
john stapylton habgood , baron habgood , ( 23 june 1927 – 6 march 2019 ) was a british anglican bishop , academic , and life peer . he was bishop of durham from 1973 to 1983 , and archbishop of york from 18 november 1983 to 1995 . in 1995 , he was made a life peer and was in the house of lords after stepping down as archbishop . he took a leave of absence in later life , and was one of the first peers to retire from the lords in 2011 . habgood died on 6 march 2019 at the age of 91 .
sir john gilbert hanson ( 16 november 1938 – 13 january 2017 ) was a senior british diplomat , senior executive , historian , and academic . he was born in sheffield , west riding of yorkshire.hanson was the director - general of the british council between 1992 and 1998 . hanson then became the warden of green college , university of oxford from 1998 to 2006 . under his leadership , green college merged with templeton college in 2008 to become green templeton college , located at what was previously green college.hanson died in london on 13 january 2017 after a short illness , aged 78 .
bellis perennis is a very common european species of daisy , of the asteraceae family , often considered the model type for the name " daisy " . many related plants also share the name " daisy " , so to distinguish this species from other daisies it is sometimes qualified as common daisy , lawn daisy or english daisy . the plant resembles leucanthemum vulgare , a similar plant in the same family . " bellis perennis " is native to western , central and northern europe , but widely naturalised in most temperate regions including the americas and australasia .
dracophyllum is a genus of shrubs or trees in the family ericaceae . this genus is very close with genus " richea " . this plants grow in australia and oceania ; many species grows in mountains . the number of species is more than 60 . the common english name of dracophyllum is " the grass tree " . it is evergreen plants with the long leaves in the form of snakes . flowers are small ; its color is white , white - yellow or white - red.it may be an interest plant for gardens . fruits of some species are edible .
mount hood is a dormant volcano , called wy'east by the multnomah tribe . it is in the u.s. state of oregon , about 50 miles ( 80 kilometers ) southeast of portland . it is described as a " potentially active " stratovolcano.the volcano is 11,249 feet high.it is the highest point in oregon . there are several ski resorts on mount hood . there are 12 glaciers.each year , runners race on foot between mount hood and the pacific ocean in the " hood to coast relay . "
yves fred vincent ( 5 august 1921 – 6 january 2016 ) was a french movie and television actor . he appeared in " sins of rome " ( 1953 ) , " babette goes to war " ( 1959 ) , " muriel " ( 1963 ) , " le gendarme se marie " ( 1968 ) and " hibernatus " ( 1969 ) . vincent was born in thônes , haute - savoie . he spent much time growing up in algiers , algeria . he was married twice and had three children.vincent died on 6 january 2016 at the age of 94 .
ernest w. gibson iii ( september 23 , 1927 – may 17 , 2020 ) was an american lawyer and politician . gibson was a member of the vermont house of representatives from 1961 to 1963 . he was an associate justice of the vermont supreme court from 1983 to 1997 . he was a member of the republican party.gibson was born in brattleboro , vermont . his father was governor ernest w. gibson jr. . his grandfather was united states senator ernest willard gibson.gibson died at his home in northfield , vermont on may 17 , 2020 at the age of 92 .
a chakra is an energy center in the human body as taught in indian yoga and some related cultures . chakras are also believed in by some new age adherents . chakra means ‘ aneel or wheel ' in sanskrit.a chakra is an area in the body connected with life energy . there are seven chakras in the body - each is an interface for the flow of life energy . a chakra vitalizes a physical body and is associated with interactions of a physical or mental nature . current science is not able to detect or measure chakras .
the arkansas river is a river in the united states . it flows southeast and is a tributary of the mississippi river . it is about long . it is the sixth longest river in the united states.the arkansas begins in the state of colorado . then , it flows through the states of kansas and oklahoma . it flows into the mississippi river in arkansas , which is named for the river . riverboats go up the arkansas river as far as oklahoma.it has several major tributaries . these are the canadian river , the cimarron river , and the salt fork arkansas river .
a single is when the batter safely reaches first base by hitting a fair ball and getting to first base before a fielder puts him out . as an exception , a batter - runner reaching first base safely is not credited with a single when an infielder attempts to put out another runner on the first play ; this is one type of a fielder 's choice . also , a batter - runner reaching first base on a play due to a fielder 's error trying to put him out at first base or another runner out ( as a fielder 's choice ) is not credited with a single .
chess records was an american record label from chicago , illinois . it was founded by the brothers leonard and phil chess . the label was important for blues , r & b , soul , gospel music and early rock and roll . the label soon was very successful because it recorded music the major labels did not . the label was originally at 2120 s. michigan avenue . the site is now home of willie dixons blues heaven foundation.a critic said , that without chess record today 's music would sound different . another calls chess records " america 's greatest blues label " .
the university of dhaka ( ঢাকা বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) , also known as dhaka university or simply du ) , is the oldest university in modern bangladesh . it was created in 1921 during the british raj . it is important to the modern history of bangladesh . after the partition of india , the university was important to the progressive and democratic movements in pakistan . its students and teachers played a central role in the rise of bengali nationalism and the independence of bangladesh.today , it is the largest public university in bangladesh , with a student body of 33,000 and a faculty of 1,800 .
léonin ( lived in the late 12th century ) is the first composer we know about who wrote organum , a kind of church music . we know nothing about his life . he was probably french . he seems to have worked at notre dame cathedral because he wrote a collection of music called " magnus liber " ( meaning : big book ) , or , at least , he wrote some of it . this book has music for two voices . it was designed for services at notre dame . a younger composer called pérotin did some more work on the collection , changing some of it .
wwe worlds collide was a two - day show of professional wrestling by wwe that happened at the phoenix convention center in phoenix , arizona on january 26 and 27 , 2019 at royal rumble axxess and could be watched on the wwe network on february 2 , 2019 . it happened after the royal rumble and before halftime heat.the show had the 15 - man worlds collide tournament which had five wrestlers each from nxt , nxt uk , and 205 live . velveteen dream from nxt won the tournament and chose to face johnny gargano for the nxt north american championship and won .
the milk marketing board was an agency of the british government.the board bought all of the milk in england and wales from dairy farmers and passed it on to be processed and sold . this way small farmers always got a fair price , because no big producer could sell their milk more cheaply.the board was first set up in 1933 . in 1933 and 1934 three other boards were set up for scotland and one for northern ireland in 1955 . from 1958 until it was abolished the milk marketing board sponsored ( paid money for ) the tour of britain bicycle race , which was called " the milk race " .
in mathematics , cauchy 's integral formula is a central statement in complex analysis . the statement is named after augustin - louis cauchy . it expresses the fact that a holomorphic function defined on a disk is completely determined by its values on the boundary of the disk . the statement also provides integral formulas for all derivatives of a holomorphic function . cauchy 's formula shows that , in complex analysis , " differentiation is equivalent to integration " : complex differentiation , like integration , behaves well under uniform limits – a result denied in real analysis .
tobermory is a small community in ontario , canada.it is on the northern tip of the bruce peninsula . it is northwest of toronto . it is north of the nearest city , owen sound . it is named after tobermory , mull in the scottish inner hebrides.tobermory is a port city on lake huron . there are several shipwrecks near the community , especially in the fathom five national marine park . many people go scuba diving to explore the wrecks . the town is also near the bruce peninsula national park .
voter registration is needed in some democracies for citizens and residents to check in with some central registry so that they will be allowed to vote in elections . in australia , for example , everyone over the age of 18 must register with the australian electoral commission ( aec ) . their names are then added to the electoral roll , a list of all people able to vote in future elections . part of the aec 's job is make sure everyone who is allowed to vote is listed on the roll . they also have to make sure that people who have died are removed from the lists .
a team is a group of people who have a certain task to complete . in order to meet their target , the members of the group must work well with each other.successful team - a group of people who tend to meet their target despite barriers . the group members cooperate with each other and take other members ' ideas into consideration.unsuccessful team - a group of people who have a very difficult time when attempting to complete a certain task . this may be because the members of the group think of only themselves and create an uncomfortable environment for other members of the team .
island of the blue dolphins is an american book written for children by scott o'dell . it came out in 1960 and that same year won the newbery medal ( a prize given to books for children ) . it is based on the true story of juana maria , the " lone woman of san nicolas " , a native american woman left alone for 18 years on san nicolas island off the california coast before being rescued in 1853 . it has been rewritten in 23 languages and was made into a movie by the same name.o ' dell wrote a sequel to the story called " zia " .
plutonism ( or vulcanism ) is the theory that the rocks forming the earth were formed in fire by volcanic activity.it was named after pluto , the classical ruler of the underworld , or alternatively after vulcan , the ancient roman god of fire and volcanoes . the theory was first proposed by abbé anton moro who had studied volcanic islands . it was subsequently developed by james hutton as part of his " theory of the earth " published in 1788 . the plutonists strongly disputed the neptunist view that rocks had been formed by processes that no longer operated , instead supporting hutton 's uniformitarianism .
william watts " buck " biggers ( june 2 , 1927 – february 10 , 2013 ) was an american novelist , composer , and co-creator of the " underdog " . he wrote many books . his first book was " the man inside " . biggers was born on june 2 , 1927 in atlanta , georgia . he studied at the north georgia military college . watts was married to gracie biggers from 1950 until her death in 1990 . they had two children . biggers died on february 10 , 2013 in his home in plymouth , massachusetts from a heart attack , aged 85 .
dara singh ( 19 november 1928 – 12 july 2012 ) was an indian wrestler and actor . he started acting in 1952 . he was the first sportsman to be nominated to the rajya sabha . he worked as hindi and punjabi movie producer , director and writer . he acted on movie and television . he was known for his roles in " jab we met " ( 2007 ) , " kal ho naa ho " ( 2003 ) and " mera naam joker " ( 1972 ) . singh died on 12 july 2012 at his home in mumbai , india from cardiac arrest , aged 83 .
maine is the northeast-most state in the united states . the capital is augusta , although the city of portland , farther south , is the largest in the state . maine became the 23rd state , on march 15 , 1820 . it was previously a part of massachusetts . commercial fishing , including lobster trapping , is a traditional and still vital part of the coastal economy . tourism is a large industry in southern maine because of its many beaches and picturesque coastal villages . southern maine is the part of the state that has the most people . many other areas , to the north , are far more rural .
jerzy adam gracjan vetulani ( 21 january 1936 – 6 april 2017 ) was a polish neuroscientist , pharmacologist and biochemist , professor of natural sciences . he was born in kraków.vetulani was a member of the polish academy of sciences and the polish academy of learning from 1991 until his death in 2017 . he was one of the most frequently cited polish scientists in the field of biomedicine after 1965 . vetulani died at the age of 81 on 6 april 2017 at a hospital in kraków from complications of injuries sustained after being struck by an automobile in early march .
sir john grant mckenzie laws ( 10 may 1945 – 5 april 2020 ) was a british judge . he served as a lord justice of appeal ( 1999 – 2016 ) and as a high court judge ( 1992 – 1998 ) . laws was married to sophie marshall from 1973 until her death in 2017 . the couple had one daughter . he was also the uncle of dominic cummings.on 5 april 2020 , during the 2019 – 20 coronavirus pandemic , laws died of problems caused by covid - 19 in chelsea , london . he had at first been in hospital for treatment of sepsis and other conditions .
karpathos is a greek island in the aegean sea . it is one of the greek dodecanese islands , in the southeastern aegean . together with the neighboring smaller saria island it forms the municipality of karpathos . this in turn is part of the karpathos regional unit . because of its remote location , karpathos has preserved many peculiarities of clothing , customs and dialect . the dialect is very similar to that of crete and cyprus . the island has also been called carpathus in latin , scarpanto in italian and kerpe in turkish .
gröde or gröde - appelland ( , north frisian " groue " , low german " grööd " ) is an island and municipality in the district of nordfriesland in schleswig - holstein , germany.only 9 people live on the island . this is the smallest population of any municipality in germany . the people of the island make a living from tourism and limited agriculture . gröde has the smallest electoral district in the country . the tally is reported almost immediately after polls close.gröde belongs to the amt division of pellworm . its seat is on the larger island of pellworm .
javier ángel encinas bardem ( born 1 march 1969 ) is a spanish movie , television , stage , and voice actor who is known for his roles in " skyfall " , " no country for old men " , " biutiful " , " vicky cristina barcelona " , " before night falls " , " jamón , jamón " and in " " . he has won an golden globe award , an bafta award , and an academy award.bardem was born on 1 march 1969 in las palmas of the canary islands . he has been married to penélope cruz since 2010 . they have two children .
otto sander ( 30 june 1941 – 12 september 2013 ) was a german actor . he was known for his roles in " wings of desire " , " das boot " , and in " faraway , so close ! " . he was also known for his deep strong voice.sander was born on 30 june 1941 in hanover , germany . he was raised in kassel , germany . sander graduated from friedrichgymnasium in 1961 . he was married to monika hansen until his death in 2013 . sander died on 12 september 2013 in berlin , germany from cancer , aged 72 .
the halloween movie series are a series of horror movies created by moustapha akkad in 1978 . the series is about michael myers , who was committed to a sanitarium as a child for killing of his older sister , judith myers . fifteen years later , he escapes to continue his killing spree . dr. loomis is a psychiatrists who helps all of michael 's victims to escape death from myers . only dr. loomis and michael myers appear in all movies except " " . some novels were written about each movies , many of them were written by dennis etchison .
herbert george wells ( 21 september 1866 – 13 august 1946 ) was an english author . he was born in bromley , kent . he wrote about 50 books . he was one of the inventors of science fiction , and also wrote novels and utopias . he wrote books such as " the invisible man " , " the time machine " , " the island of dr. moreau " , and " the war of the worlds " . he also explained how the things he wrote about could actually happen . some of his books have been made into movies . he had diabetes . he died in london .
bartonella is a genus of bacteria . it is the only one in the family bartonellaceae . the species can be parasitic and cause diseases in animals and humans . they live mostly in the cells of the host , as intracellular parasites . " bartonella " species are pathogens . " bartonella " species are transmitted by vectors such as ticks , fleas , sand flies , and mosquitoes . at least eight " bartonella " species or subspecies are known to infect humans . " bartonella " is named after alberto leonardo barton ( 1870 – 1950 ) , a medical microbiologist .
beijing normal university is a public university in china , located in beijing . it is one of the most highly ranked universities in china , and focuses on teaching humanities and sciences . it was first opened in 1902 , which makes it one of the oldest universities in china . its nickname is beishida.originally , it was called a " normal school " because it was only a school for teachers , and all teacher schools were named the same way . it was attached to the imperial university of peking . later , it became a university on its own , teaching subjects other than education , but kept its name the same .
albert einstein square ( , " kikar albert einstein " ) is a public square in jerusalem , israel . it is located in the entrance of the israel academy of sciences and humanities at the talbiya neighborhood in jerusalem.albert einstein visited palestine in 1923 for 12 days . he gave the first lecture at the mount scopus campus of the hebrew university of jerusalem.einstein was in favor of the hebrew university , as well as zionism and education in general . this is the reason the square is named for him . also , a statue of einstein is nearby in the gardens of the israel academy of sciences and humanities .
jagadguru sri jayendra saraswathi shankaracharya ( born subramanyam mahadeva ; 18 july 1935 – 28 february 2018 ) was an indian guru . he was the 69th shankaracharya guru and head or pontiff ( pïțhādhipati ) of the kanchi kamakoti peetham . he served as head from 22 march 1954 until his death in 2018 . he was born in irulneeki , thanjavur dt , tamil nadu.saraswathi died at a hospital in kamakshi , india of respiratory failure on 28 february 2018 at the age of 82 .
the young turks ( tyt ) is a progressive left - wing american news and commentary program on youtube . the program was created by cenk uygur , ben mankiewicz , and dave koller . it is co-hosted by uygur , ana kasparian and john iadarola . " the young turks " began as a radio program that premiered on february 14 , 2002 , on sirius satellite radio ; it was later carried on air america , before launching a web series component in 2005 on youtube.in 2018 , regional news network offered it initially on wmcn , its new jersey broadcast television station .
jeffrey clay erlanger ( november 30 , 1970 – june 10 , 2007 ) was an american activist for disability rights . he is well known for his appearance on " mister rogers ' neighborhood " when he was 10 years old , talking about his electric wheelchair and why he used it.erlanger 's philosophy was summarized in a 2002 wisconsin public television ad : " it does n't matter what i ca n't do — what matters is what i can do . " erlanger choked on some food , and was in a coma for several weeks before dying on sunday , june 10 , 2007 in madison , aged 36 .
a is a piece of tableware . it is used to keep chopsticks away from the table and also to prevent used chopsticks from coming in contact with or rolling off tables . chopstick rests are made in various shapes from clay , wood , glass , or precious stone such as jade . some people prepare them from bags of half - split disposable chopsticks in origami manner.in japan , chopstick rests are usually used at formal dinners and placed on the front - left side of the dishes . the chopsticks are placed parallel to the table edge with the points toward the left .
the gaslight anthem is an american punk band from new brunswick , new jersey . the members are brian fallon ( lead vocals , guitar ) , alex rosamilia ( guitar , backing vocals ) , alex levine ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) and benny horowitz ( drums , percussion , tambourine ) . they released their first album , " sink or swim " , on xoxo records in may 2007 , and their second album , " the '59 sound " , on sideonedummy records in august 2008 . the band 's third album , " american slang " , was released on june 15 , 2010 .
fernando bernabé agüero rocha ( june 11 , 1920 – september 28 , 2011 ) was a nicaraguan politician . he was the founder ( 1988 ) and leader of the social conservative party.in 1967 agüero was chosen to represent the conservative 1966 national opposition union ( uno ) in the presidential election against the somoza regime . his campaign was marked by the bloody repression of one of his political rallies in managua . in 1971 however , agüero signed the controversial kupia kumi pact with anastasio somoza debayle . he was born in managua , nicaragua.agüero died in managua , nicaragua from pneumonia , aged 91 .
the malay archipelago refers to the archipelago between mainland southeastern asia and australia.it has also been called the east indies , the indo - australian archipelago , indonesian archipelago and other names over time.the archipelago is between the indian and pacific oceans . the group has over 25,000 islands . it is the largest archipelago by area , and third by number of islands in the world . it includes indonesia , the philippines , singapore , brunei , east malaysia and east timor.the island of new guinea or islands of papua new guinea are not always included in definitions of the malay archipelago . the indonesian moluccas are included in the archipelago .
ilkka olavi suominen ( born 8 april 1939 ) is a finnish politician . he was a member of the national coalition party . he was president of the nordic council in 1992 . in 1987 , he was the speaker of the parliament of finland.he was member of the parliament from 1970 to 1975 and from 1983 to 1994 . he held the position of minister of trade and industry in holkeri cabinet 1987 - 1991 . suominen left parliament to become ceo of state monopoly alko . he was elected as a member of the european parliament ( mep ) for one term 1999 - 2004 ( epp ) .
burgenland croatian is a regional language of the chakavian dialect of the croatian language . it is spoken in austria , hungary , the czech republic and slovakia . burgenland croatian is a minority language in the austrian state of burgenland . 19,412 people speak the language there in 2001 . many of the burgenland croatian speakers in austria also live in vienna and graz.smaller croatian minorities in western hungary , southwestern slovakia and southern czech republic are often also called burgenland croats . they use the burgenland croatian written language . they are historically and culturally closely connected to the austrian croats .
john " sonny " franzese , sr. ( february 6 , 1917 – february 24 , 2020 ) was an italian - american longtime member and underboss of the colombo crime family . franzese was famous as the oldest active member of the american mafia . franzese was an associate producer of the 2002 movie " this thing of ours " . franzese was born in naples and raised in new york city.franzese was released from the federal medical center in devens , massachusetts on june 23 , 2017 , at the age of 100 . franzese died on february 24 , 2020 , in a new york hospital at the age of 103 .
beyoncé is the self - titled fifth album by beyoncé . it was released on itunes on december 13 , 2013 . the release of the album made the itunes website stop working . this happened because there were so many people on the website at once for the album . timbaland , justin timberlake , and pharrell williams are producers of songs on the album . the album got good reviews . " xo " was released as the first single from the album . on december 21 , 2013 the album will be released on cd and dvd in the united states . " billboard " chose the album as the best of 2013 .
george lawrence mikan jr. ( june 18 , 1924 – june 1 , 2005 ) , nicknamed mr. basketball , was an american professional basketball player . he was born in joliet , illinois and studied at depaul university . he was 6 ft 10 in ( 2.08 m ) . from 1947 and 1954 and again in 1956 , he played for the minneapolis lakers . he also coached the team from 1957 to 1958 . in 1959 , he was honored in the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame.mikan died in scottsdale , arizona on june 1 , 2005 from diabetes - related problems , aged 80 .
james stanley " jim " bush ( september 15 , 1926 – july 10 , 2017 ) was an american national track and field hall of fame track and field coach . he was known primarily for his coaching tenure at the university of california , los angeles from 1965 to 1984 . during that time , his teams won five ncaa men 's outdoor track and field championships ( 1966 , 1971 , 1972 , 1973 , 1978 ( tied with utep ) and he coached as many as 30 olympians . he was born in cleveland , ohio.bush died on july 10 , 2017 in culver city , california of melanoma at the age of 90 .
william ( bill ) moggridge , ( 25 june 1943 - 8 september 2012 ) was a british industrial designer and co-founder of the silicon valley - based design firm ideo . he helped design what was arguably the first laptop computer , the grid compass . he was in favour of user - centered design process in product development cycles and also worked towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.moggridge was the author of " designing interactions " , published in october 2006 . he was also involved in design education in the united kingdom and the united states ; teaching at the royal college of art , the london business school and stanford university .
tesla , inc. is a company based in palo alto , california which makes electric cars . it was started in 2003 by martin eberhard , dylan stott , and elon musk ( who also co-founded paypal and spacex and is the ceo of spacex ) . eberhard no longer works there . today , elon musk is the chief executive officer ( ceo ) . it started selling its first car , the roadster in 2008 . the tesla name originally comes from nikola tesla . he was an inventor who worked with electricity , electric cars and many other ideas along with thomas edison a century earlier .
" the ugly duckling " is a literary fairy tale by hans christian andersen . andersen lavished great care on this story , spending a year perfecting it . it was first published in 1844 with " the angel " , " the sweethearts " , and " the nightingale " in " new fairy tales " . the critics liked these stories . andersen considered the story " a reflection of my own life . " the moral of the tale : " it does not matter if you were born in a duck yard if you have lain in a swan 's egg . " the tale has been adapted to various media such as animated movies .
william " bill " maher , jr. , ( ; born january 20 1956 ) is an american stand - up comedian , television host , political commentator , actor , and author . he hosted the late - night television talk show " politically incorrect " on comedy central and abc , and is currently the host of " real time with bill maher " on hbo . the show has been nominated for more than ten emmy awards . on june 1 , 2006 , he also began hosting an internet - exclusive talk show on amazon.com entitled " amazon fishbowl " . in 2013 maher became the producer of a hbo tv series called " vice " .
rock of ages corporation is a company in vermont . it mines granite , which it sells largely for use in memorials , though it also makes smaller products.it was started in 1885 , and has its headquarters in graniteville , vermont , which is close to barre.there are around 230 people who work for the company . rock of ages had a profit of about $ 800,000 in 2008 . in october 2010 , another mining company , swenson granite company , said it would buy rock of ages for $ 39 million.rock of ages runs the largest granite quarry in the world . it is about deep , and covers about 50 acres .
giandomenico boncompagni ( 13 may 1932 – 16 april 2017 ) , best known as gianni boncompagni , was an italian television and radio presenter , television director , screenwriter and lyricist.boncompagni made his television debut in 1977 , as the presenter of the musical variety " discoring " . between 1987 and 1990 he wrote and directed the sunday afternoon show " domenica in " . in 1991 , he moved to fininvest , where he created the show " non è la rai " . boncompagni died in rome , italy on 16 april 2017 from a cerebral hemorrhage , aged 84 .
lars mortimer ( 22 march 1946 – 25 august 2014 ) was a swedish cartoonist and comics artist . he was the creator and writer of the comic strip " hälge " . he made the comic strip from september 1991 until his death in august 2014 . from 2001 , " hälge " got a section in a newspaper and was released monthly . he also created the comic strip " bobo " , published between 1973 and 1990 . mortimer was born in sundsvall , västernorrland county . he was of british ancestry . he had two children.mortimer died after a short illness on 25 august 2014 in alfta , hälsingland . he was 68 .
tribune east tower is a proposed mixed use tower on the eastern edge of the tribune tower property in the streeterville area of the near north side community areas of chicago . if completed , the skyscraper would become the second - tallest in chicago.plans were officially announced for a tall 200 - unit hotel , 439 - apartment and 125 - condominium building on april 16 , 2018 . these plans make the building shorter than the willis tower , the city 's tallest.on mid-october 2018 , the chicago plan commission approved the plans for the city 's second tallest building . chicago city council approved the plans in an october 31 meeting .
jan kobuszewski ( 19 april 1934 – 28 september 2019 ) was a polish actor and comedian . in 1963 , he began co-hosting with jan kociniak the first satirical tv show on polish television , " wielokropek " . he would also co-star with kociniak in the comedy series " czterdziestolatek " ( 1974 - 1977 ) . kobuszewski was awarded the order of polonia restituta , one of poland 's highest orders , and many other orders , including gold cross of merit and medal for long marital life.he died on 28 september 2019 , aged 85 .
komi sélom klassou ( born february 10 , 1960 ) is a togolese politician . he has been prime minister of togo since 2015 . he was born in the commune of notsé , in haho . he has a university degree in geography and is a doctor in hydro - climatology.he occupied the ministries of culture , youth , sport and education and then vice-presidency of the national assembly before being appointed prime minister on june 5 , 2015 , by president faure gnassingbé , following the presidential election . he formed his government of 22 members ( including 4 women ) after his election and made the list public on june 28 , 2015 .
rush lake is a high altitude lake near rush pari peak ( 5,098 m ) in pakistan . at over , rush is one of the highest alpine lakes in the world . it is about north of miar peak and spantik ( golden peak ) , which are in the nagar valley . rush lake and rush peak can be reached via nagar and hopar and via the hopar glacier ( bualtar glacier ) and miar glacier , which rises from miar and phuparash peaks . the trek to rush lake provides spectacular views of spantik , miar peak , phuparash peak and ultar sar .
chantico was the aztec goddess of both pain and pleasure . she is also the goddess of the family hearth , the home and volcanoes . according to aztec myths she brings wealth and stability to the home . chantico protects the home from thieves and losing things . she is sometimes shown wearing a crown of cactus spikes and red snakes . she is the ' lady of the chili pepper ' and is sometimes shown with one or two pods of red chilies.the meaning of her name is ' in the house ' , meaning she lives in the house . according to one myth she was changed into a dog and another name for her was quaxolotl .
india joy eisley ( born october 29 , 1993 ) is an american actress.she is known for her role as ashley juergens in the abc family television series " the secret life of the american teenager " , and her roles as eve in 2012 movie " " , sawa in the 2014 movie " kite " , and audrina in the 2016 television movie " my sweet audrina " . in 2019 she starred as fauna hodel on the tnt television series " i am the night " . eisley was born on october 29 , 1993 , in los angeles . her parents are musician david glen eisley and actress olivia hussey .
a boolean data type is a data type that can be either one of these two values : true or false . the boolean data type was originally added to the c++ language by the iso / ansi ( international standards organization / american national standards organization ) committee in 1998 . type bool expressions are named after the english mathematician george boole , who formulated rules for mathematical logic . boolean expressions also end up with a value of either true or false . boolean expressions are used in branching and looping statements . in programming , a boolean can be used with conditional statements ( statements that only happen when the right condition is met ) .
uk garage ( sometimes shortened to ukg and simply garage ) is a genre of electronic music originating from england in the early 1990s . it is made up of elements from garage house , r & b , drum & bass , dance , reggae and hip hop music . it was very popular during the beginning of the 21st century with teenagers and young adults listening to it . some of its most popular musicians to perform uk garage are mis - teeq , sweet female attitude , so solid crew , shola ama , tinie tempah , dj pied piper , craig david and daniel bedingfield . it is also a genre that blends with grime .
dokaor toongtong ( ) ; is a thai female singer form isan area , and genre mor lam . she is a real name buppha boonmee , and alias " sao sieng sor " ( สาวเสียงซอ ) . she was born in ubon ratchathani province . she was a daughter of samran and sanga boonmee . she started on stage in 2003 by first album " oak hak wan hae tien " , and popular by her second album " ber tho jao choo " in 2008 . she has a younger sister is kantong toongnguen , which a singer same hers .
bernard herrmann ( june 29 , 1911 – december 24 , 1975 ) was an american composer known for writing music for movies.he won the academy award for the movie " the devil and daniel webster " made in 1941 . herrmann often worked with director alfred hitchcock , including " psycho " , " north by northwest " , " the man who knew too much " , and " vertigo " . he also wrote music for many other movies , including " citizen kane " , " cape fear " and " taxi driver " . he also wrote music for radio drama including works for orson welles . he wrote for several fantasy movies by ray harryhausen , and many television programs .
telecommuting or telework is a work arrangement in which employees have flexible working locations and hours . they use telecommunication links to work . many work from home , while others , occasionally also referred to as nomad workers or web commuters utilize mobile telecommunications technology to work from coffee shops or other locations . telework is a broader term , referring to substituting telecommunications for any form of work - related travel , thereby eliminating the distance restrictions of telecommuting . a person who telecommutes is known as a " telecommuter " . a frequently repeated motto is that " work is something you do , not something you travel to " .
barnum 's american museum was a museum in new york city at broadway and ann street . it was a collection of natural history curios originally stored in city hall at the end of the 18th century.john scudder acquired the collection and opened the museum about 1800 . p. t. barnum bought the museum about 1830 and replaced the tired displays with more exciting live fare such as general tom thumb , commodore nutt , and the " siamese twins " , chang and eng.in 1865 , the building was destroyed in a fire . barnum rebuilt at another location , but that building burned to the ground in 1868 . the museum never reopened .
hevrin khalaf ( ; 15 november 1984 – 12 october 2019 ) was a kurdish - syrian politician and civil engineer . she was secretary general of the future syria party . he was known for her diplomatic skills . khalaf worked towards increasing tolerance and unity among christians , arabs , and kurds.khalaf was killed by the turkish - backed ahrar al - sharqiya fighters near the m4 motorway in northern syria during the turkish military operation against sdf forces in rojava on 12 october 2019 . according to " the washington post " , the killing " almost certainly constitute ( d ) a war crime , under international law " .
khadija arib , arabic : خديجة عريب , ( born october 10 , 1960 in hedami ) is a dutch politician . she is a member of the labour party ( pvda ) . arib was born near casablanca in morocco . she migrated to the netherlands when she was 15 years of age . she studied sociology at the university of amsterdam.she is a member of the second chamber since 1998 ( with a short interruption in 2006 - 2007 ) . she has also been speaker of the second chamber since 2016 . khadija arib is married with three children . she is a muslim and of moroccan descent .
atli eðvaldsson ( 3 march 1957 – 2 september 2019 ) was an icelandic footballer . he played as a midfielder.during his career , he won the icelandic championship three times and the icelandic cup four times . after retiring from playing , he became a well - known manager . in 1999 , he managed knattspyrnufélag reykjavíkur to its first championship in 31 years.atli played 70 games for the icelandic national team from 1976 to 1991 . he later coached the national team from 1999 to 2003 . in december 2018 , he revealed was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer two years before . on 2 september 2019 , atli died from cancer , aged 62 .
halvor bernt stein grieg halvorsen ( 19 october 1909 – 11 november 2013 ) was a norwegian stage actor.halvorsen was born in oslo , norway on 19 october 1909 . he was married to elizabeth thaulow from 1940 until her death in 1968 . then he was married to vibeke falk from 1971 until his death in 2013 . his son , stein johan grieg halvorsen , is half of the comedy duo " erlend & steinjo " , who rose to fame in the 1990s . halvorsen died of natural causes on 11 november 2013 in his oslo , norway home . he died three weeks after his 104th birthday .
william joseph kennedy ( born january 16 , 1928 ) is an american writer and journalist . he was born and raised in albany , new york . he studied in siena college . he was inspired by gore vidal , william shakespeare , and by edgar allan poe.kennedy 's works include " the ink truck " ( 1969 ) , " legs " ( 1975 ) , " billy phelan 's greatest game " ( 1978 ) , " ironweed " ( 1983 , winner of the 1984 pulitzer prize for fiction ; movie , 1987 ) , and " roscoe " ( 2002 ) . in 2011 , he published " changó 's beads and two - tone shoes " , which one reviewer called a book " written with such brio and encompassing humanity that it may well deserve to be called the best of the bunch " . in 1953 , kennedy married ana segarra . they have three children . he lives in averill park , new york .
the corps of guides was a regiment of the british indian army which was formed and served mostly in the north - west frontier province of british india . it had a unique composition of being part infantry and part cavalry.the idea for raising such a body of troops was sir henry lawrence 's . he appointed a young officer , lt. harry lumsden as its commandant and on 6 february 1847 lumsden took over his famous command . the class or tribal composition of the men recruited for ' the guides ' was mostly of pathans of the region . the headquarters of the guides was at mardan ( now in khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan ) . after 1947 and the independence of pakistan , the guides regiment became part of the pakistan army . its infantry section was incorporated into the frontier force regiment while its cavalry side became the guides cavalry .
" audience of one " is a song by the american punk rock band rise against , written by the band 's vocalist tim mcilrath . it is the second single from their 2008 album appeal to reason . getting to number four on the billboard alternative songs chart , " audience of one " is rise against 's third - highest charting single , behind the last single from appeal to reason , " re-education ( through labor ) " , which got to number three and the third single " savior " . in mid-october 2008 , the l.a. radio station kroq began playing " audience of one . " its video was told to be shot with director brett simon on december 9 . on january 15 , the video for " audience of one " was first seen on myspace . the single was released on cd and 7 " vinyl on march 3 , 2009 in the uk . the song is also used in " guitar hero world tour " .
an is a person to takes on an occupation / role / job that forges the heads of arrows . this is usually brought up in medieval history , as more modern jobs came along , and just a small amount of the population ( most of those people working for rural purposes ) , has the occupation today . the idea of archery was created in 20,000 bc . like today , people did not use the bow and arrow on a regular basis . but unlike today , they mostly used this new creation for hunting . the first people ever to use it normally was the ancient egyptians from 4,000 - 2,000 bc . then the bows started to take a fall in popularity across the world , as gunpowder was invented , along with the cannon . it spread across eurasia , after being invented in china in the third century . ( 200ad )
annihilator are a canadian thrash metal band from ottawa , ontario.annihilator was formed in 1984 by lead singer jeff waters . he met john bates and they recorded the song " annihilator " together . waters and bates recruited drummer paul malek and bassist dave scott into the band but bates and scott left a year later.the band released their first studio album " alice in hell " on april 17 , 1989 . they released their second studio album " never , neverland " on september 12 , 1990 . both " alice in hell " and " never , neverland " are considered masterpieces of canadian heavy metal.annihilator is the highest selling heavy metal artist in canadian history , even though most of the sales have not been in the band 's home country .
the division of reid is an australian electoral division in the state of new south wales . it is named after the right honourable sir george reid , a former premier of new south wales and the fourth prime minister of australia . ot was set up in 1922 . the division is in the inner - western suburbs of sydney . it includes abbotsford , breakfast point , cabarita , canada bay , chiswick , concord , concord west , drummoyne , five dock , homebush , homebush west , liberty grove , lidcombe , mortlake , newington , north strathfield , rhodes , rodd point , russell lea , silverwater , sydney olympic park , wareemba , and wentworth point ; and includes parts of auburn , berala , burwood , croydon , and strathfield .
the geddes plan for tel aviv was the first master city plan for tel aviv . it was designed in 1925 - 1929 by the scottish city planner sir patrick geddes . this program designed the center of tel aviv and the area now known as " old north " . in 1925 patrick geddes was commissioned to design a master plan for the city of tel aviv . the plan he produced was accepted in 1929 . tel aviv turned out to be the only example of one of geddes ’ plans being built largely as he envisaged and is a good example of an early planned city . the area of tel aviv originally planned by geddes makes up approximately 7.5 % of the current day municipality of tel aviv and is now known as tel aviv ’s “ old north ” . it was designed to be an extension of the much older neighboring arabic port town jaffa to the south and a home for the increasing population of jews emigrating from other parts of the world ( predominantly eastern europe ) .
jerzy nowak ( june 20 , 1923 – march 26 , 2013 ) was a polish actor and teacher . he was known for his roles as a jewish investor in " schindler 's list " , as a " bumpkin farmer " in " " , and as the great creative zucker in " the promised land " . nowak was born on june 20 , 1923 in brzesko , poland . he was raised in kraków , poland . nowak studied at the ludwik solski academy for the dramatic arts.he was married two times . he was married to his second wife , maria andruszkiewicz - smith , from 1989 until his death in 2013 . he had no children.nowak died on march 26 , 2013 in warsaw , poland from natural causes , aged 89 .
egbert " eppie " wietzes ( 28 may 1938 – 10 june 2020 ) was a dutch - born canadian racing driver . he was born in assen , netherlands.wietzes took part in two formula one world championship grands prix , debuting on 27 august 1967 . he retired on lap 69 with wet electrics and was disqualified for receiving outside assistance . wietzes also participated in the 1974 canadian grand prix with a rented brabham bt42 but again retired with a transmission problem.he was the driver of the first safety car in formula one , in the 1973 canadian grand prix , taking a porsche 914 course car on to the track after a crash involving françois cevert and jody scheckter .
spiders of the hogna are large and powerful wolf spiders . they belong to the family called " lycosidae . " they will readily catch and eat crickets and other large insects . they do not try to hurt humans unless they are getting hurt themselves . usually their colors are dull , mostly they are brown , dark brown , or black . " hogna carolinensis " is the largest spider in the united states and can have a body length ( head to tail ) of up to almost 1.5 inches or 35 mm . they scare people , but it is hard to get them even to try to bite . instead of showing their , they will run away . they can run very fast . they are about 16 times larger than the smallest species of wolf spiders . for instance , the largest of the wolf spiders of the genus " trabeops " are only 4 mm . long . " hogna carolinensis " often digs burrows to live in.other species in this genus include : in europe there is a slightly smaller spider called " lycosa tarantula , " a kind of wolf spider that people once believed could kill people . it gets its name from the city of taranto in italy . there are other wolf spiders that get a little larger than " hogna carolinensis " , one of which is found in the canary islands , " allohogna singoriensis , " which reaches a full 40 mm .
rosewood is wood from trees of the genus dalbergia.the wood of " dalbergia nigra " is known as " brazilian rosewood " , and also as " bahia rosewood " . it has a strong , sweet smell , which lasts for many years.another rosewood comes from " dalbergia latifolia " known as ( east ) indian rosewood or " sonokeling " ( indonesia ) . it is native to india and is also grown in plantations elsewhere in pakistan ( chiniot ) . madagascar rosewood ( " dalbergia maritima " ) , known as " bois de rose " , is highly prized for its red colour . it is overexploited in the wild . a 2010 moratorium on trade and illegal logging is being ignored.throughout southeast asia " dalbergia oliveri " is harvested for use in woodworking . it has a fragrant odour . " dalbergia cultrata " is being used and sold as " d. olvieri " .
antacids ( or indigestion tablets ) are used to help stop indigestion . people may get indigestion if they eat too much or if they have eaten too fast . with indigestion , the liquid in the stomach will become more acidic . antacids will neutralise the acids . the reaction that is happening is called " neutralisation " . this is because the tablets are alkaline and the liquids in the stomach are acidic.this reaction between the stomach acids and the antacid will make the acid change into harmless substances such as water or salt.an example of an antacid is milk of magnesia.side effects from taking antacids are rare , but can include both constipation and diarrhea . they are also high in sodium so people with a heart condition on a low salt diet should ask their doctor before taking them .
seafloor spreading happens at the bottom of an ocean as tectonic plates move apart . the seafloor moves and carries continents with it . at ridges in the middle of oceans , new oceanic crust is created . the motivating force for seafloor spreading ridges is tectonic plate pull rather than magma pressure , although there is typically significant magma activity at spreading ridges.at the mid-atlantic ridge ( and other places ) , material from the upper mantle rises through the faults between oceanic plates . it forms new crust as the plates move away from each other . the new crust then slowly moves away from the ridge . it is a place of earthquakes and volcanos . seafloor spreading helps explain continental drift in plate tectonics . at oceanic trenches , seafloor crust slides down and under continental crust.earlier theories ( e.g . by alfred wegener ) of continental drift were that continents ' plowed ' through the ocean . the modern idea is that the ocean floor itself moves and carries the continents with it as it expands from a mid-ocean ridge . today , it is accepted . the phenomenon is caused by convection in the weak upper mantle , or asthenosphere.additionally spreading rates determine if the ridge is a fast , intermediate , or slow . as a general rule , fast ridges see spreading rate of more than 9 cm / year . intermediate ridges have a spreading rate of 4 - 9 cm / year while slow spreading ridges have a rate less than 4 cm / year .
leslie eleazer orgel frs ( 12 january 1927 – 27 october 2007 ) was a british chemist.born in london , orgel received his b.a . and ph.d in chemistry at magdalen college , oxford university.he was one of the first people to see , in april 1953 , crick and watson 's model of dna : at the time he worked at oxford university 's chemistry department.in 1964 orgel was appointed senior fellow and research professor at the salk institute for biological studies , where he directed the chemical evolution laboratory . he was also an adjunct professor in the department of chemistry and biochemistry at the university of california , san diego , and he was one of five principal investigators in the nasa - sponsored nscort program in exobiology . orgel also participated in nasa 's viking mars lander program as a member of the molecular analysis team that designed the gas chromatography mass spectrometer instrument that robots took to the planet mars.orgel ’s lab came across an economical way to make cytarabine , a compound that is one of today ’s most commonly used anti-cancer agents.during the 1970s , orgel suggested reconsidering the panspermia hypothesis , according to which the earliest forms of life on earth did not originate here , but arrived from outer space with meteorites.together with stanley miller , orgel also suggested that peptide nucleic acids – rather than ribonucleic acids – constituted the first pre-biotic systems capable of self - replication on early earth.his name is popularly known because of orgel 's rules , credited to him , particularly orgel 's second rule : " evolution is cleverer than you are " . in his book " the origins of life " , orgel coined the concept of specified complexity , to describe the criterion by which living organisms are distinguished from non-living matter . he published over three hundred articles in his research areas.orgel died of cancer on 27 october 2007 at the san diego hospice & palliative care in san diego , california .
valery rozov ( december 26 , 1964 – november 11 , 2017 ) was a russian base jumper . he was born in nizhny novgorod , russia.on may 5 , 2013 , rozov set a world record when he jumped off changtse ( the north peak of the mount everest massif ) from a height of 7,220 metres ( 23,690 ft ) . he glided down to the rongbuk glacier more than 1,000 meters below.rozov died on 11 november 2017 while jumping from a height of 6,812 meters ( 22,349 ft ) off ama dablam mountain in nepal at the age of 52 .
the following is a list of deaths that should be noted in february 2019 . for deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in , please see " months " . names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym . deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.each listing of a death must have a source . if no reference is included , the death notice will be removed . the following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order : name , age , where they came from , what the person is known for , cause of death ( if known ) and a source .
the manitoba liberal party is a political party in manitoba , canada . the party developed in the 1880s from the provincial rights party . the liberal party won the 1915 general elections winning 40 seats out of 57 in the legislative assembly . this was the largest victory in manitoba history . however , in the 1922 general elections , the liberals lost power to the united farmers of manitoba . support for the liberal party declined in the decades after this election . from 1932 to 1961 , the party merged with the progressive party of manitoba as the liberal - progressive party . in 1961 it changed its name back to the liberal party.in the 1981 general elections , the party failed to win any seats at all for the first time in its history .
alan irwin abel ( august 2 , 1924 – september 14 , 2018 ) was an american prankster , hoaxer , writer , and mockumentary filmmaker . he was born in zanesville , ohio.from 1966 to 1967 abel wrote a weekly syndicated humor column " the private world of prof. bunker c. hill " that appeared in the " san francisco chronicle " and several other newspapers . following the watergate scandal , abel hired an actor to pose as deep throat for a press conference in new york city before 150 reporters.in 1959 , abel started his most elaborate hoax . he appeared on a national tv show as a representative of the " society for indecency to naked animals " ( sina ) . sina 's mission was to put clothes on naked animals . their slogan was : " a nude horse is a rude horse " . an actor appeared on television and radio several times , including the cbs evening news on august 21 , 1962 . the hoax began as a satire of media censorship , but soon people started sending financial contributions to the organization . ( the organization returned the money . ) other people started making official citizen complaints against people for walking naked dogs . some people started selling clothes for the naked animals .
christoph leitgeb ( born 14 april 1985 in graz ) is an austrian football player playing in the austrian bundesliga for f. c. red bull salzburg as midfielder . he also plays in the nationalteam and was member of austrias team for the euro 2008 . he started playing football in the youth teams of sk sturm graz in his hometown . in the 2005/06 season he played his first match in the first team of sturm graz . the first goal he scored was on 22 april 2006 against red bull salzburg . after two seasons with sturm graz he signed with fc red bull salzburg . in his first year he played regularly , but in his second year he had problems with his knees . the following years he came back and played very often from the beginning.his first international match was in a friendly against croatia on 23 june 2006 . ( 1:4 ) till today he played 27 times in the national team of austria . in the euro he played in the second match versus poland ( 0:1 ) and the third match versus germany where he came on in minute 55 for martin hiden . ( 0:1 )
scafell pike is the highest mountain in england . it is tall . it is located in lake district national park , in cumbria.it is sometimes confused with the near - by scafell . the name " pikes of sca fell " was first used to mean the peaks now known as scafell pike , ill crag and broad crag . the contraction " scafell pike " started as an error on an ordnance survey map.the summit was given to the national trust in 1919 by lord leconfield . he did this in memory of the men of the lake district " who fell for god and king , for freedom , peace and right in the great war " .
hoyt patrick " pat " taylor jr. ( april 1 , 1924 – april 22 , 2018 ) was an american politician and attorney . he served as speaker of the north carolina house of representatives and as the 26th lieutenant governor of north carolina . he was born in wadesboro , north carolina.he served as lieutenant governor of the state . the two are the only father - son pair to have held the office . the younger taylor went on to receive undergraduate and law degrees from the university of north carolina at chapel hill , and to serve in the marine corps in both world war ii and the korean war . he subsequently practiced law in wadesboro.in 1955 , he was elected to represent anson county in the north carolina house of representatives and served through 1967 , the two last years as speaker.taylor died on april 22 , 2018 at the age of 94 in wadesboro , north carolina .
james farentino ( february 24 , 1938 – january 24 , 2012 ) was an american movie , voice , stage , and television actor . he was known for his role in " the final countdown " , " jesus of nazareth " , and in " dynasty " . he was born in brooklyn , new york on february 24 , 1938 . he was married to elizabeth ashley from 1962 until they divorced in 1965 . he was married to michele lee from 1966 until they divorced in 1982 . he was married to debrah farentino from 1985 until they divorced in 1989 . he was married to stella farentino from 1994 until his death in 2012 . he had a son , david farentino.farentino died on january 24 , 2012 from heart failure in los angeles , california , he was 73 years old .
collector is a small village in new south wales , australia . it is on the federal highway between goulburn , new south wales and the australian capital territory and is 7 km north of lake george.the area was first settled by europeans in 1829 . t.a . murray started a farm and built a 12 - room house on the land in 1837 . a post office opened at collector in 1848 . the village is named after the australian aboriginal name for the area , " colegadar " . the village was by - passed by the federal highway in 1988 . the bushranger hotel in collector was the site of the shooting of policeman , constable samuel nelson on 26 jan 1865 , by john dunn . dunn was a bushranger and a member of ben hall 's gang . the bushrangers were robbing the hotel when nelson tried to stop them.other businesses in the village are : the grapefoodwine restaurant , lynwood café / restaurant , cafe lerida of lerida estate winery , collector art gallery and collector quarries.collector is also famous for the sculpture dreamers gate by tony phantastes . he built it between 1993 and 1997 to as a memorial , among other things , to his father . it is a gothic sculpture made of cement and wire 24 metres long and 7 metres high . the artist and the gunning shire council have been arguing over the sculpture since 1999 . the council want the sculpture removed because it is unsafe .
raymond " ray " griff ( april 22 , 1940 – march 9 , 2016 ) was a canadian country music singer - songwriter . he was from vancouver , british columbia.griff began songwriting in the early 1960s . griff moved to nashville in 1964 to pursue his music career full - time . his first records as a singer were released in the late 1960s . griff had his first hit , " patches " , a remake of the clarence carter soul hit in 1970 which peaked at no . 26 in " billboard " . griff recorded for the small country label royal american and later moved on to dot records without much success . his stint at capitol records from 1975 - 1979 was more successful , racking up eight more country top 40 hits , the most successful being 1976 's " if i let her come in " which peaked at no . 11 . griff died in canada from pneumonia after going through surgery on march 9 , 2016 . he was aged 75 .
cacus is a character in roman mythology . he was a hideous , three - headed , fire - belching shepherd who lived in a cave in the aventine forest in italy . his cave was covered with the bones of the people he killed . human skulls and human arms were hanging above the cave entrance . cacus ' parents were hephaestus and medusa.hercules had stolen the geryon 's cattle . he was driving the herd through italy when cacus crossed his path . cacus stole some of the animals . he dragged them backwards to his cave to confuse hercules.the next morning , hercules missed the animals at once . he went to cacus ' cave . cacus had put a huge rock at the entrance but hercules tossed it aside . cacus tried to drive hercules off by belching fire . hercules grabbed him and " battered his face to a pulp . " hercules put together an altar to zeus . he later set up his own worship at the site . some say it was not hercules who killed cacus but a huge shepherd named garanus or recaranus , a friend of hercules ' .
daewoo motor was a south korean automotive company owned by general motors . the company started in 1937 as national motors in bupyeong - gu , incheon , south korea . in 1965 it became shinjin motor after becoming affiliated with toyota . in 1972 toyota withdrew . the same year shinjin became general motors korea , a joint venture with general motors . the company was renamed saehan motors in 1976 . in 1982 the company was bought by the daewoo group . daewoo was known for its affordable cars many of which were made in partnership with gm until the mid '90s . the daewoo group ran into financial trouble in the late 1990s . it was then put up for sale and acquired by general motors in 2001 . it was renamed gm daewoo , and began to produce gm vehicles again . this included the chevrolet aveo which is based on daewoo 's kalos model . in 2011 gm daewoo was renamed gm korea .
joshua andrew koenig ( august 17 , 1968 - february 25 , 2010 ) was an american actor , director , activist , editor and writer.koenig is probably best known for playing mike seaver 's best friend , richard " boner " stabone on the sitcom growing pains . he was in 25 episodes of growing pains and also guest starred on episodes of 21 jump street , my two dads and my sister sam . koenig starred in the 2003 fan film where he played the joker . his father is walter koenig also an actor . koenig disappeared on february 14 , 2010 . his parents said he showed signs of depression before he went missing . his body was found hanging from a tree in vancouver 's stanley park , on february 25 , 2010 .
a steel mill or steelworks is an industrial plant where steel is manufactured . steel is an alloy of carbon and iron . usually steel is produced in two stages : first , iron ore is reduced ( or smelted ) with coke and limestone . this is done in a blast furnace , and the result is pig iron . the part that is not used for pig iron is carried on as " molten iron " . impurities are removed , and alloying elements such as manganese , nickel , chromium and vanadium are added to produce the exact steel required . steel mills then turn molten steel into blooms , ingots , slabs and sheet through casting , hot rolling and cold rolling .
i ( и , и ) is the ninth letter in the cyrillic alphabet . it sounds like [ i ] . it looks like a backwards n. the lowercase и 's italic looks like a " и " . its old name was " izhe " . it came from the greek eta and stands for the roman i.there is another letter , the decimal i ( " і " , " і " ) , that sounds the same as и . russian , macedonian , serbian and bulgarian languages use only и ; and church slavonic and ukrainian uses both и and і . to tell the letters apart , и is sometimes called " octal i " because was eighth in the cyrillic numeral system .
the flag of saudi arabia is the flag used by the government of saudi arabia since march 15 , 1973 . it is a green flag featuring in white an arabic inscription and a sword.the script on the flag is written in the " thuluth " script . it is the " shahadah " or islamic declaration of faith : the sword , symbolizes the importance of the inscription by underlining it.green flags with this or other arabic scripts are commonly seen in islam . they should not be confused with the saudi national flag . these other flags normally do not have the sword symbol.the flag is made so that the " shahada " reads correctly , from right to left , from either side . the sword points from hoist to fly on both sides . the flag is sinister hoisted . this means that the obverse side ( front ) has the hoist side ( flagpole side ) to the right .
cameron michael neely ( born june 6 , 1965 in comox , british columbia , canada ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger . he played for the vancouver canucks for 3 seasons and the boston bruins for 10 seasons . neely was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 2005 . he was named president of the boston bruins on june 16 , 2010 . his jersey number # 8 was retired by the boston bruins.neely joined the 50 goals in 50 games club when he scored 50 goals in 44 games in 1993 – 94 . both of neely 's parents died of cancer . he set up the " cam neely foundation " . he helps cancer patients live at the " neely house " while having cancer treatments .
johannes de villiers graaff ( also known as jan de van graaff or jannie graaff ; 19 february 1928 – 6 january 2015 ) was a south african neoclassical welfare economist . he was a former chairman of nedbank . graaff was known for his work on optimal savings rates and contributions to the creation of the social welfare function.graaff graduated from the university of cape town and then went on to complete his phd in economics at st john 's college , cambridge in 1950 . in 1951 he married lillian clare thomson , daughter of sir george paget thomson , and had six children with her.he was the youngest son of sir david graaff , 1st baronet . his eldest brother is sir de villiers graaff , 2nd baronet.graaff was one of south africa 's most active and accomplished mountaineers , pioneering mountain climbing routes in east africa and the himalayas.he died on the 6 january 2015 in kenilworth , cape town , aged 86 .
ryan o'marra ( born june 9 , 1987 ) is a japanese - born canadian retired professional ice hockey centre . he played a 33 games in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he played for the edmonton oilers and the anaheim ducks.o ' marra was drafted 15th overall in the 2005 nhl entry draft by the new york islanders but never played a game with them although he did play 8 games with their ahl farm team , bridgeport sound tigers . o'marra was born in tokyo , japan to irish canadian parents . he moved to canada when he was one year old.on march 26 , 2015 , o'marra announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey .
rosignano marittimo is a " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of livorno in the italian region tuscany . it is about 80 km southwest of florence and about 20 km southeast of livorno . as of 31 december 2004 , it had 31,516 people . it has an area of 120.3 km ² . the " comune " of rosignano marittimo contains the " frazioni " of : castiglioncello , rosignano solvay , vada , castelnuovo della misericordia , gabbro , and nibbiaia.rosignano marittimo borders the following " comuni " : castellina marittima , cecina , collesalvetti , livorno , orciano pisano , santa luce .
tonic water is a kind of soda that tastes slightly bitter . the quinine in tonic water has a bitter flavor . originally , it was to protect people against malaria . the first drug against malaria was chloroquine , which became available in 1934 . the first time tonic water became available was in the 1860s , over 70 years before the first drug.tonic water is often called indian tonic . people drank it in africa and southeast asia , where malaria was common . at the time , quinine was a powder that was mixed with water or soda water . because quinine on its own is bitter , sweeteners were often added ( usually sugar ) . often , it was mixed with liquors . gin and tonic is the most common.quinine should not be used during pregnancy as it will have an influence on the unborn child . there are also other conditions where quinine ( and tonic water ) should not be used.today , tonic water contains a lot less quinine than before the drug was developed .
sir james stuart hall ( born 25 december 1929 ) is a british former radio and television presenter . he is a sex offender who is in prison.hall was born in ashton - under - lyne , lancashire , england . he was raised in hyde , cheshire and glossop , derbyshire . he studied at the university of manchester institute of science and technology.hall presented light entertainment show " it 's a knockout " as well as sport coverage and news on the bbc . he is a lifelong manchester city f.c . supporter.in april 2013 , hall was arrested and charged with having indecently assaulted 13 girls aged between 9 and 17 , between 1967 and 1986 . he was sentenced to 30 months imprisonment . his trial began at preston crown court on 6 may 2014 for 15 counts of rape and five of indecent assault against two girls that allegedly happened from 1976 – 1981 . he was convicted of two counts of indecent assault but was acquitted of all the other charges .
torii kedar hunter ( / ˈtɔːriː / ; born july 18 , 1975 ) is an american former professional baseball center fielder and right fielder . he played in major league baseball ( mlb ) for the minnesota twins , los angeles angels of anaheim , and detroit tigers from 1997 through 2015 . hunter was a five - time all - star , won a major league record nine consecutive gold glove awards as a center fielder , and was a two - time silver slugger award winner . hunter was known for his trademark ability to rob batters of home runs at the outfield wall , particularly as the center fielder for the twins . hunter is regarded as arguably the greatest defensive outfielder of all time .
daniel azulay ( may 30 , 1947 – march 27 , 2020 ) was a brazilian visual artist , comic book artist , and educator . he was known for the children 's franchise " turma do lambe - lambe " . he was born in rio de janeiro . in 1968 , he created the newspaper strip capitão cipó , published in the newspaper " correio da manhã " and in 1975 , launched the turma do lambe - lambe . in 2013 , he created the diboo website ( www.diboo.com.br ) , an online drawing course for children.azulay died of covid - 19 on march 27 , 2020 , aged 72 , in rio de janeiro , after being hospitalized for leukemia .
steven holcomb ( april 14 , 1980 – may 6 , 2017 ) was an american bobsledder . she competed from 1998 until his death in 2017 . at the 2010 winter olympics , vancouver , he won the 4 - man bobsled event for the united states , its first gold medal in that event since 1948 . at the 2006 winter olympics in turin , he finished sixth in the four - man event and 14th in the two - man event.holcomb attained the rank of eagle scout in the boy scouts of america ( bsa ) . holcomb was found dead in his room at the u.s. olympic training center in lake placid , new york , on may 6 , 2017 . he was 37 . a preliminary report from the local coroner said that holcomb died in his sleep from a possible case of pulmonary congestion , with further tests still waiting .
giriraj kishore ( 8 july 1937 – 9 february 2020 ) was an indian writer . he was awarded the padma shri by president a. p. j. abdul kalam in 2007 . he was given the sahitya akademi award in 1992 , the vyas samman in 2000 , and an honorary ph.d. by chhatrapati shahu ji maharaj university in 2002 . he was born in muzzafarnagar , uttar pradesh , india.kishore worked at different posts as an officer in the government , including as registrar of kanpur university ( chhatrapati shahu ji maharaj university ) and the indian institute of technology kanpur in a career spanning more than 30 years . he was formerly a member of the sahitya akademi working committee , and the railway board of goi.kishore died on 9 february 2020 in kanpur , uttar pradesh at the age of 82 .
the cochlea is the auditory portion of the inner ear . it is a spiral - shaped cavity in the bony labyrinth , making 2.5 turns around its axis.a core component of the cochlea is the organ of corti , the sensory organ of hearing , which is distributed along the partition separating fluid chambers in the coiled tapered tube of the cochlea.the name is from the greek κοχλίας " kokhlias " ( " snail , screw " ) , from κόχλος " kokhlos " ( " spiral shell " ) . this is in reference to its coiled shape : the cochlea is coiled in most mammals , monotremes being the exceptions .
hatnu'a hayeruqa , hebrew : התנועה הירוקה , meaning " the green movement " , is an israeli political party.its ideology is green , moderate left , and zionist.political leaders are eran ben - yemini ( not a knesset member ) and yael cohen - paran.hatnu ' a hayeruqa was founded in 2008 . number of seats in the 20th knesset : 1 . hatnu'a hayeruqa is cooperating with haavoda ( " the labor " ) and hatnu'a ( " the movement " ) as hamahaneh hatziyoni ( " the zionist union " ) . together they have 24 seats .
stephen austin eubanks ( october 8 , 1981 – may 18 , 2019 ) was an american motivational speaker . he was a survivor of the columbine high school massacre in 1999 . he was shot in his hand and knee by shooter dylan klebold , and his friend corey depooter was murdered in the shooting . after the massacre , eubanks became addicted to opioids . he later was a motivational speaker on drug addiction recovery . eubanks was divorced and had two children.eubanks was found dead on may 18 , 2019 in steamboat springs , colorado . he was 37 . his death was confirmed as an accidental overdose of heroin .
new super mario bros. is a 2006 platformer video game made and sold by nintendo for the nintendo ds game console . it is the first " mario " platform game in 2d on a handheld console since " " in 1992 . it was first sold in stores in north america on may 15 , 2006 , and was later sold in stores in japan on may 25 , 2006 , in australia on june 8 , 2006 , and in europe on june 30 , 2006 . it is the first game in the " new super mario bros. " series . a follow - up , " new super mario bros. wii " for nintendo wii , was released in november and december 2009 and a sequel to this game and follow - up to the wii version , " new super mario bros. 2 " was released on the nintendo 3ds in august 2012 .
robert john burck ( born december 23 , 1970 ) , better known as the naked cowboy , is an american street performer who performs in times square in new york city . he wears only cowboy boots , a hat , and underwear , playing a guitar over his underwear to look like he is nude . he was born in cincinnati , ohio.burck began performing in 1997 in venice beach , los angeles . he became popular when a friend suggested that he dress only in his underwear to earn more money . he is currently best - known for performing in times square . tour guides on passing buses point him out , and he gets a lot of attention from tourists who stop and take pictures with him.because of his popularity , burck has appeared on television shows , in music videos , and other mass media . he tried out for " american idol " in its first season , but did not move on to the next round . he also tried out for " australian idol " and " star search " , with the same result.on october 6 , 2010 , burck announced that he was running for president of the united states in the 2012 u.s. presidential election , representing the tea party movement .
joseph ritter von fraunhofer ( 6 march 1787 – 7 june 1826 ) was a german physicist.he was born in 1787 in a place called bavaria . when he was 11 years old he had no father and no mother . because of that , he had to work to survive . he worked making glass objects for a man called philipp anton weichelsberger.one day , in 1801 , the place where fraunhofer was working fell down and was destroyed . fraunhofer was inside when this happened . luckily , some people found him in the middle of the bits of the house and saved him . the prince of bavaria was with these people and he decided to help fraunhofer.the prince decided to give fraunhofer money and books to study . he studied for five years and one day he was invited to work for a man called joseph utzschneider . this man had a company that made glass lenses to be used in scientific instruments . and this company had a secret laboratory in a monastery called benediktbeuern . in this laboratory people were trying to discover how to make better glass lenses . glass lenses at that time was a very complicated technology . after three years , fraunhofer was one of the directors of this company . and after eight years he was a partner of the owner.fraunhofer died very sick in 1826 , probably because of the time he worked as a child .
ivan arthur " ivor " broadis ( 18 december 1922 – 12 april 2019 ) was an english professional footballer . he played as an inside forward . his career lasted from 1946 to 1960 . he played for clubs carlisle united ( two stints ) , sunderland , manchester city , newcastle united and queen of the south . he also played for england 14 times , including at the 1954 fifa world cup . he scored eight goals for his country in the early 1950s . broadis was born in the isle of dogs , poplar in east london . at the time of his death , he was the oldest living english international footballer . he died in 2019 , at the age of 96 .
otto loewi ( june 3 , 1873 - december 25 , 1961 ) was a german doctor . he won the 1936 nobel prize in physiology or medicine , along with henry hallett dale , for their discoveries about chemical transmission of nerve impulsesin his most famous experiment , loewi took fluid from a frog heart with a slowed beat and applied it to another . that slowed the second heart . this showed that synaptic signalling used chemical messengers.it is now known that there are two different kinds of nerve synapses . one kind releases chemicals , and is a neurotransmitter synapse . the other is an electrical synapse which transmits voltage charges over gap junctions between nerve cells .
in gardening and farming , companion planting is the planting of different crops next to each other . it is done to help the crops grow and to use the space available as much as possible.depending on the crops chosen , companion planting may encourage processes that help the plants , such as pollination . some companion plants may help stop pests , such as caterpillars or fungi , from damaging the crop . some of these , called " trap crops " attract pests away from the crop . other plants may serve as shelter for the crops.many of the basic principles of companion planting were used thousands of years ago in mesoamerica . from about 8,000 years ago , native american peoples grew squash , maize and common beans together . the stalk of the corn were there for the beans to climb , and the beans fixed nitrogen , helping the maize .
the pilbara is a large , thinly populated region in the north of western australia . the region has ( 2010 ) a population of about 48,600 . pilbara is known for aboriginal peoples , its stunning landscapes , its red earth and its vast mineral deposits , in particular iron ore . it is a dry region , but it has cyclones every year or two . the cyclones bring a great deal of rain when they do occur.the area is known for its petroleum , natural gas and iron ore deposits , which make up much of the economy of western australia . other than mining , pastoral activities as well as fishing and tourism are the main industries.the pilbara covers an area of 502,000 km ² . it includes some of earth 's oldest rock formations in the pilbara craton . this is one of the world 's oldest undisturbed rock formations , dating back to the archaean eon . it includes landscapes of coastal plains and mountain ranges with cliffs and gorges . the major settlements of the region are port hedland , karratha and newman.the pilbara includes the two of the largest national parks in australia :
the huxley family is an english family . members of the family had top careers in science , medicine , art , and literature . some family members were also high level public servants in the united kingdom.thomas henry huxley ( thh ) was the oldest male in the family . he was a zoologist and comparative anatomist . he was one of charles darwin 's main supporters.thomas had several grandsons including aldous , julian , and andrew . aldous huxley wrote the books " brave new world " and " doors of perception " . julian huxley studied evolution , wrote " evolution : the new synthesis " , and was the first director of unesco . andrew huxley was a nobel prize winning physiologist and was appointed to the order of merit . thomas and andrew both served as president of the royal society , a century apart.many of their relatives succeeded in other walks of life .
gerard peter kuiper ( ; ; born gerrit pieter kuiper ; december 7 , 1905 – december 23 , 1973 ) was a dutch - born american astronomer.the kuiper belt is named after him . he discovered two natural satellites of planets in the solar system , namely uranus 's moon miranda and neptune 's moon nereid.kuiper went to college at the university of leiden . he graduated in 1927 and went on to earn his doctorate in 1933 . that same year , he moved to the united states and began working at the lick observatory in california . in 1935 , he was a lecturer at harvard university . in 1936 , he moved to the university of chicago , and in 1943 he became a professor there . he was the director of their observatories from 1947 until 1960 . in 1960 , kuiper began work at the university of arizona , and he started their lunar and planetary laboratory . he was the director of the laboratory until july 1973 . kuiper found groups of dwarf stars . he was the first person to figure out the diameter of pluto , and where the poles and equator of venus are . in the 1960s , he was one of the people who knew the most about the earth 's moon , and he worked with nasa .
grace martine tandon ( better known as daya ; born october 24 , 1998 ) is an american singer - songwriter . she released her self titled extended play ( ep ) , " daya " , on september 4 , 2015 . the ep included the song " hide away " . " hide away " peaked at # 23 on " billboard " hot 100 . on october 7 , 2016 , she released her first studio album " sit still , look pretty " . in 2017 , daya was nominated for a grammy award for best dance recording for her work on the song " do n't let me down " from the chainsmokers.daya was born near pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
ezekiel hart ( ; may 15 , 1770 - september 16 , 1843 ) was a jewish canadian businessman and politician , and the first jew to be elected to public office in the british empire.he was born may 15 , 1770 at trois - rivières , quebec to aaron hart and dorothea judah.ezekiel hart created a brewery with his brothers in trois - rivières and , on april 11 , 1807 was elected to the " legislative assembly of lower canada " . because he was jewish , he swore his oath on a hebrew bible , instead of a christian bible , and while wearing a kippah . at the time , british laws did not let jews have important positions like these , and hart was expelled from the assembly . he was elected again in 1808 and expelled again.he did not run for public office again . he continued to live in trois - rivières where he was a successful businessman and well - respected member of the community . he served in the militia during the war of 1812 and became colonel in 1830 . he came from a very important and rich family . his father , aaron hart , was member of the british forces , and a well - known businessman in canada . his brothers , moses and benjamin , were important businessmen at trois - rivières and montreal . his cousin , henry judah , later became a member of the " legislative assembly of the province of canada " . ezekiel hart died on september 16 , 1843 at trois - rivières , at the age of 76 .
presidential elections were held in tunisia on 15 september 2019 . no candidate received a majority of the vote in the first round , so a runoff was held on 13 october.before the death of incumbent president beji caid essebsi on 25 july , the elections had been planned for 17 and 24 november . however , as a result of essebsi 's death , the elections were brought forward in order to ensure that a new president would take office within 90 days , as required by the constitution.the elections were the second direct vote for the presidency since the 2011 revolution.kaïs saïed and nabil karoui were the two candidates who made it to the run off . in the run - off , saïed won the election in a landslide victory .
six flags magic mountain is a theme park in valencia , california , united states . it opened on may 29 , 1971 . from 1971 to 1979 , the theme park was named magic mountain and independently owned . in 1979 , the park was purchased by six flags , and it was renamed to six flags magic mountain in 1980 . it is located beside a water park called six flags hurricane harbor . it has 19 roller coasters ( the most in the world ) and 60 other kinds of rides , giving a total of 69 rides in the park . some of its rides include revolution , tatsu , x2 , , full throttle , scream ! , , gold rusher , and twisted colossus . there are nine themed areas , including dc universe ( an area inspired by dc comics ) and the movie district ( a movie - inspired area ) . the park is built on 260 acres of land .
euro disco is a form of disco - based dance music which originated in the late - 1970s in europe , as a more european variant of disco music . euro disco was based on disco music , yet it was a more encompassing genre which borrowed influences from pop , rock and new wave music . in such a way , it was more pop - friendly and less " gritty " than regular disco music . it often included synthesizers within its composition.euro disco , as the term suggests , was popular in europe . nevertheless , it also achieved popularity in the united states through artists such as donna summer . some regard kraftwerk as the first euro disco group . furthermore , giorgio moroder was also a major force within the euro disco scene .
the right to an adequate standard of living is a fundamental human rights . it is part of the universal declaration of human rights that was accepted by the general assembly of the united nations on december 10 , 1948 . furthermore it has been written down in article 11 of the international covenant on economic , social and cultural rights , which is a human righs treaty of the united nations as well.the predecessor of this right , the " freedom from want " , is one of the " four freedoms " that american president franklin d. roosevelt spoke out at his state of the union of january 6 , 1941 . according to roosevelt it is a right every human being everywhere in the world should have . in his speech roosevelt described his third right as follows :
the lockman hole is an area of the sky which is like a clear window into far distant space.from our position in the milky way galaxy , most directions are partly blocked or obscured by h i clouds of neutral hydrogen . these glow faintly with infrared light and obscure distant views at extreme ultraviolet and soft x-ray wavelengths.the h i clouds interfere with observations at those wavelengths in nearly all other directions . so the lockman hole is an attractive area of the sky for observational astronomy surveys . it is near the pointer stars of the big dipper in the constellation ursa major . is about 15 square degrees in size , and is named after its discoverer , astronomer jay lockman .
justin wakeland high school is a public high school that is in the city of frisco , texas , united states . it is a part of the frisco independent school district in the west center area of collin county . it opened for the first time to students on august 14 , 2006 . most sophomores and juniors came from frisco high school because of the city and district 's growth . freshmen come from griffin middle school most of the time , and others come from staley middle school . in 2013 , the school was rated " met standard " by the texas education agency.the school is named for justin wakeland , who was the superintendent of the frisco isd for 19 years from 1978 to 1997 . the school has a television show called " win - tv . " it comes on every two weeks . it has many segments and interviews about events happening at wakeland high school . " wakeland access " , the school newspaper , has articles about events happening at the school.a lot of sports are offered at wakeland .
gliese 667 cc is an extrasolar planet 23.62 light years away . it orbits around the red dwarf star gliese 667 c , one of the gliese 667 triple star system . the system is in the constellation of scorpius . it is the most earth - like planet in 50 light years.gliese 667 cc was first found by the european southern observatory . they used the wobble method ( also known as radial velocity ) . they watched how the star " wobbled " as gliese 667 cc circled around its star . on 2 february 2012 researchers at the university of göttingen and the carnegie institution for science confirmed the planets existance .
nuruddin muhammad jahangir ( birth name was " shahzada " / prince salim or selim ) ( 20 september 1569 – 8 november 1627 ) was the fourth mughal emperor from 1605 to 1627 . jahangir was the eldest son of emperor akbar the great . he was married to queen nur jahan ( ' light of the world ' ) and was much under her influence . she handled court matters and coins were issued in her name . he is especially well - known because of his memoirs , the " tuzk - i - jahangiri " ( also called the " jahangir - nameh " by some ) . his eldest son was shah jahan . prince khurram , the future emperor shah jahan rebelled in the last years of his reign.the efforts of nur jahan , jahangir 's wife , to marginalize him were unsuccessful.in 1622 , jahangir sent his son prince khurram against the combined forces of ahmednagar , bijapur and golconda . after his victory khurram turned against his father and made a bid for power . as with the insurrection of his eldest son khusrau mirza , jahangir was able to defeat the challenge from within his family and retain power . he died on his way back from kashmir . after his death , nur jahan isolated herself and never talked to anyone.he is buried at shah dara outside lahore city , now in pakistan . after his death , by his son and successor shah jahan came to power . military campaigns started by akbar continued.he also consumed excessive amounts of alcohol and opium , at one point employing a special servant just to manage his supply of intoxicating drugs .
erode is a city in tamil nadu , india . it is the capital of the erode district . about 500,000 people live in the city.erode district in tamil nadu state is very important market centre for turmeric . turmeric is received , not only from erode district , but also from the other parts of tamil nadu and adjoining district like mysore in karnataka state.erode is well known for marketing of textile products of handloom , powerloom and readymade garments . the handloom and powerloom products such as cotton sarees , bed spreads , carpets , lungies , printed fabrics , towels , dhotis are marketed here in bulk.kangeyam is famous for bulls and oil mills . kangeyam cows are not noted for their yield but their availability in large numbers has helped the district to make a mark in the field of dairy development
donald bryce carr obe ( 28 december 1926 – 11 june 2016 ) was an english cricketer . he played for derbyshire from 1946 to 1967 , for oxford university from 1948 to 1951 , and twice for england in 1951/52 . he captained derbyshire between 1955 and 1962 , and scored over 10,000 runs for the county.carr later became an icc match referee . after his retirement , he became assistant secretary of the mcc from 1963 to 1976 , and then secretary to the cricket council and the test and county cricket board – both forerunners of the england and wales cricket board ( ecb ) – for ten years after that . he also managed several mcc tours in the 1960s and 1970s .
marty allen ( born morton david alpern , march 23 , 1922 – february 12 , 2018 ) was an american comedian , actor , activist , and writer . allen was known for his stand - up comedy jokes in nightclubs in california and in las vegas . he also wrote books about his career and support many foundations.allen was born in pittsburgh , pennsylvania to a jewish family . he studied at taylor allderdice high school and at the university of southern california . allen was married to frenchie allen until her death in 1976 . then he was married to katie blackwell from 1984 until his death in 2018 . he had no children.allen lived in las vegas , nevada and in los angeles , california . he died of problems from pneumonia in las vegas on february 12 , 2018 . he was 95 .
ophthalmosauridae were a family of ichthyosaurs which lived from the middle jurassic to the upper cretaceous period.within ophthalmosauridae there are two lineages , one including " aegirosaurus " and " ophthalmosaurus " , and the other including " brachypterygius " , " caypullisaurus " and " platypterygius " . only three genera survived the end - jurassic extinction event : " caypullisaurus " , " maiaspondylus " , and " platypterygius " . they did , however , have a worldwide distribution . the last to survive was " platypterygius " . this genus became extinct about 30 million years before the end of the upper cretaceous period . it happened when there was a deep ocean anoxic event , which wiped out all the animals below pelagic waters . ichthyosaurs , being reptiles , came to the surface to breath , but the extinction event removed their prey species .
gaeltacht areas are regions where many or most of the people speak the irish language . they are in the republic of ireland . the largest gaeltacht areas are in the counties of kerry , cork , galway , mayo , donegal , waterford and meath.at the time of the 2006 census of the republic of ireland , the population of the gaeltacht was 91,862 , about 2.1 % of the state 's 4,239,848 people . the main concentrations of irish speakers are in the western counties of donegal , mayo , galway , kerry , and cork . but in gaeltacht electoral districts the percentage of irish speakers is much higher .
stephen wojciechowski ( born december 25 , 1922 ) , also known as steve wochy , is a canadian retired professional ice hockey player , who played 54 games for the detroit red wings in the national hockey league . he was born in fort william , ontario.prior to playing in the nhl , wojciechowski was a member of the port arthur bearcats in 1942 appearing in the 1942 allan cup . wojciechowski played 10 seasons in the american hockey league after leaving the nhl , with the indianapolis capitals , philadelphia rockets , cleveland barons and buffalo bisons . wojciechowski was named a first team ahl all - star in 1952 .
the bonnot gang was a group of french anarchists known for robbing banks . they were credited with being the first to use the getaway car . they also used repeating rifles , which not even the police had . their crimes were violent — murder , bank robbery and auto theft . they were known for their belief in illegalism , a school of anarchism that promotes crime . the reasoning was the state had no legitimate authority so they could break any laws they wished . the gang was named after its leader , jules bonnot . they were very famous at the time ( 1911 - 1912 ) and have been made into legends through books , television , movies , etc . throughout france and other countries .
stand - up comedy is a style of comedy where the comedian speaks directly to the audience . a person who performs stand - up comedy is known as a stand - up comic , stand - up comedian , or simply stand - up . it is usually done by a single comedian , and with the help of a microphone . the comedian normally speaks quickly many funny stories and short jokes ( called " bits " ) . this is called a " monologue , routine " or " act " . some stand - up comedians use music or magic tricks in their acts . stand - up comedy is usually done in comedy clubs , bars , colleges , and theaters . however , there is no restriction on where it can be done . many smaller clubs , bars , and restaurants do " open microphone " events where amateur comedians can perform comedy before a live audience , offering a way for the performers to become better and possibly become professional comedians .
uxbridge and south ruislip is a constituency of the uk parliament in greater london . it was created in 2010 . since 2010 , the seat has been held by the conservative party . john randall was mp from 2010 to 2015 . boris johnson was mp from 2015 to 2019 . boris johnson became prime minister of the uk on 24 july 2019 . in 2017 he got 5,034 votes more thans his nearest rival . this was the smallest majority of any sitting prime minister since 1924 . in 2019 , his main rival is the labour party candidate ali milani . in april 2019 , think - tank onward classified the seat as " vulnerable " for the conservatives.in november 2019 , yougov classified the seat as " likely conservative " . the brexit leave vote is estimated by the house of commons library as 57.2 % . in august 2018 , " the observer " reported that opinion had changed , with 51.4 % of voters now supporting remain.in 2019 , satirical candidates count binface and lord buckethead will stand for election . the candidate william tobin aims to receive no votes . he is unable to vote as he is an expat who has lived abroad for 15 years .
sir jonathan wolfe miller ( 21 july 1934 – 27 november 2019 ) was a british theatre and opera director , actor , author , television presenter and medical doctor . he was born in st john 's wood , london . he first became well - known in the early 1960s in the comedy revue " beyond the fringe " with peter cook , dudley moore and alan bennett.miller started directing operas in the 1970s . his best - known production was probably his 1982 " mafia " - styled " rigoletto " set in the 1950s . he was an associate director at the national theatre and later ran the old vic theatre . he was a writer and presenter of many bbc documentaries.miller was married to rachel collet from 1956 until his death . the couple had three children.miller died at his home in camden , london of alzheimer 's disease - related problems on 27 november 2019 . he was 85 .
" u-turn " is a song by american singer usher . it was released from his album " 8701 " ( 2001 ) . it was released as an international single . this means that it was not released in the united states , where usher lives . it was produced by jermaine dupri . the song reached the top ten in australia , top 20 in the uk and switzerland . it was a top 40 hit in the netherlands.the song was written by usher , dupri , and brian michael cox . cox had co-wrote four of usher 's songs , including hit single " u got it bad " . the song mentions michael jackson and bobby brown . it also talks about crunk . this made it one of the first r & b songs to talk about that music genre .
the tree - line or timberline is the edge of the habitat at which trees can grow . beyond the tree - line , they are unable to grow as conditions are too bad.there are several types of tree lines defined in ecology and geology : at the tree - line , tree growth is often not clear with the last trees forming low bushes . if it is caused by wind , these are known as krummholz , from the german for ' twisted wood ' . the tree line , like many other natural lines ( lake boundaries , for example ) , appears well - defined from a distance , but upon close inspection , it is not that clear . trees grow shorter until they simply stop growing .
the first united states congress , consisting of the united states senate and the united states house of representatives , met from march 4 , 1789 , to march 4 , 1791 . this was during the first two years of george washington 's presidency . congress met first at federal hall in new york city and later at congress hall in philadelphia . with the initial meeting of the first congress , the united states federal government officially began operations under the new ( and current ) frame of government established by the 1787 constitution . the apportionment of seats in the house of representatives was based on the provisions of of the constitution . both chambers had a pro-administration majority . twelve articles of amendment to the constitution were passed by this congress and sent to the states for ratification . the ten ratified as additions to the constitution on december 15 , 1791 are collectively known as the bill of rights ( amendments one through ten ) .
punta de lobos ( ) is a chilean beach 6 km south of pichilemu and 177 km southwest of rancagua , in the province of cardenal caro , region of o'higgins . it has a fine and gray sand . the beach is surrounded by in addition to its fine gray sand , its principal characteristic is that its surrounded by cliffs that are 50 metres high . the famous rocks of the beach are frequently visited by sea - lions . the beach is perfect for bathing and shore fishing . it is also a good place for surfing and kiteboarding practice , especially in winter . the sea waves at the beach oscillate between the two and three height meters , and allows the surfers to select their perfect waves .
chorizo is a pork ( pig - meat ) sausage which people first made in the iberian peninsula . it is made with large pieces of fatty pork , chili pepper and paprika . the special taste of this sausage comes from the mild spanish paprika in it.in the western hemisphere , the mexican and caribbean types are better known . these types of chorizo are made with smaller pieces of pork and different seasonings and peppers are used.cured smoked chorizo is edible and can be eaten without cooking . fresh chorizo must be cooked before eating . it can be eaten by its self , or as part of meal . it can also be used in place of ground beef or pork .
the arctic is the area around the earth 's north pole . the arctic includes parts of russia , alaska , canada , greenland , lapland and svalbard as well as the arctic ocean . it is an ocean , mostly covered with ice . most scientists call the area north of the treeline arctic . trees will not grow when the temperatures get too cold . the forests of the continents stop when they get too far north or too high up a mountain . ( higher places are colder , too . ) the place where in the trees stop is called the tree line.the area north of the treeline is not an empty ice field . in fact , the only large ice - covered land is central greenland , which is covered year - round by a continental glacier . the land of the arctic is around the edges of the arctic circle and is usually covered with tundra . a tundra is a cold , almost treeless plain covered with moss and grasslike plants called " sedges " . tundras do not get very much rain or snow . however , they are very wet in the summer time because , three feet ( 1m ) or so below the surface , the ground is always frozen . this permafrost is a layer of ice with the hardness of stone that keeps water from soaking into the earth beneath it . permafrost can be thousands of feet thick . in the summer the ground on top thaws out when the sun shines and the snow that did fall melts . but the melted snow can not drain into the ground ; it just soaks the topsoil . there is no place for the water to go , except to form lakes and puddles on top of the ground until it freezes again or dries up.in the arctic , during summer there are nights when the sun never sets . this is because during summer there , the north pole points toward the sun . so , sometimes people call it the land of the midnight sun.the word comes from the greek word " αρκτος " , meaning " bear " . the north pole aims at the stars called the great bear and the little bear . this is why it is called the arctic .
ambiguity means that what a thing is , is not clear . literally , the word refers to a choice between two different things . in the proper sense it should mean “ two different meanings ” because “ ambi ” comes from the greek word for “ two ” . we see things happen , and then we decide what they mean . if we can not decide what is going on , the event is ambiguous . this is an extension of the original use of the word.words or sentences that are ambiguous can lead to misunderstandings ( people get the wrong meaning ) . this can sometimes be serious , but it can also be funny . jokes often rely on ambiguity.the sentence “ the peasants are revolting ” is ambiguous because it could mean : the british comedian ronnie barker said that he loved the english language because there are so many jokes you can make using ambiguity . he gave this example : a mother says to her little boy : “ johnny , go over the road and see how old mrs jones is ” . the boy comes back and says to his mother : “ mrs jones says it is none of my business ” . the mother meant “ old ” in a friendly way ( “ dear old mrs jones ” ) , but the sentence could also mean : find out mrs jones ’s age . this is obviously how johnny understood his mother 's instruction.the opposite of ambiguous is unambiguous ( meaning that something is perfectly clear and can only have one meaning ) . ambiguity is not the same as vagueness , which means that there is so little detail given that a statement can mean almost anything .
shift work is a working practice which is designed to use all 24 hours of a day , and not only the standard working day hours.a day for example can be divided into three eight - hour shifts . an employee only works one of the shifts in each day . the " first shift " is in the morning , the " second shift " is in the afternoon and evening and the " third shift " is overnight.the " second shift " , also known as the " swing shift " in some places , is the work shift which takes place in the afternoon and evening . it usually extends from 4 pm ( 16:00 ) to midnight , or from 3 pm ( 15:00 ) to 11 pm ( 23:00 ) . the " third shift " , the " night shift " , is usually from 11 pm ( 23:00 ) or 12 - midnight ( 00:00 ) to 07:00 or 08:00 in the morning .
rhys ifans ( born rhys owain evans ; 22 july 1967 ) is a welsh actor and musician . in movies , he has played spike in " notting hill " ( 1999 ) , eyeball paul in " kevin & perry go large " ( 2000 ) , danny morgan in " danny deckchair " ( 2003 ) , jed parry in " enduring love " ( 2004 ) , xenophilius lovegood in " harry potter and the deathly hallows – part 1 " ( 2010 ) , howard marks in " mr. nice " ( 2010 ) , edward de vere , 17th earl of oxford in " anonymous " ( 2011 ) and dr. curt connors / the lizard in " the amazing spider - man " ( 2012 ) . in 2005 , ifans won a bafta award for his role as peter cook in " not only but always " ( 2004 ) . he is known on television for roles in " elementary " and " berlin station " . ifans was born in haverfordwest , pembrokeshire . he is a native welsh speaker . his brother is actor llŷr ifans . he dated actress anna friel between 2011 and 2014 .
isonoe or ' , is a non-spherical moon of jupiter . it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2000 , and given the designation ' . isonoe is about 3.8 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 23,833,000 km in 751.647 days , at an inclination of 166 ° to the ecliptic ( 169 ° to jupiter 's equator ) , with an orbital eccentricity of 0.166 . it was named in october 2002 after isonoe , one of the danaides in greek mythology , and a lover of zeus ( jupiter ) . isonoe belongs to the carme group , made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165 ° .
the grameen bank is a community development bank started in bangladesh . they give small loans ( known as microcredit or " grameencredit " ) to poor people without asking for money before the loan is given . the word " grameen " , is made of the word " gram " or " village " , and means " of the village " . the system of this bank is based on the idea that the poor have skills but have no chance to use their skills without some money . the bank also controls some businesses , such as fabric , telephone and energy companies . most of the banks loans go to women.the grameen bank was started 1976 when professor muhammad yunus , a fulbright scholar and professor at university of chittagong , researched how to provide banking for the rural poor . in october 1983 , the grameen bank project was made into an independent bank by the government . the group and its first member , muhammad yunus , were awarded the nobel peace prize in 2006 . some people have said the banks prices are too expensive and put people in a debt - trap . some have also said that the bank would not work if people did not give donations . at the same time , it is often seen as a success story in microfinance and as the guide for other groups around the world .
pind dadan khan tehsil ( urdu / punjabi : پنڈ دادن خان ) is a small area in jhelum district , in punjab , pakistan . it is the oldest tehsil in this area of pakistan . its capital city is pind dadan khan . ( " pind " comes from the punjabi word for " village . " ) the capital city is on the bank of river jhelum , about 28 kilometres from the m2 motorway.pind dadan khan tehsil is well known for having asia 's largest salt mine , khewra salt mines . the khewra salt mines have been used for over 2000 years , and they have an underground mosque.the area has a long history going back to the time of alexander the great 's invasion ( see punjab ( pakistan ) ) . alexander the great 's famous horse , bucephalus , is said to be buried in the small town of jalalpur sharif , which is in pind dadan khan.pind dadan khan tehsil is named after nawab dadan khan . he was the muslim governor of lahore ( the capital city of punjab ) in the 1700s . one important person from pind dadan khan was nawabzada ghzanfar ali khan . he was a muslim minister in the 1946 cabinet . just after the islamic republic of pakistan was created , he became minister of health , food and agriculture . in december of 1947 , he became the minister of refugees and rehabilitation.another important person from this area was mohammad ramzan chotana . he was awarded several gold medals by the british government for his skill in different technical fields.one of the important personalities from the area in recent times was justice ( r ) khawaja imtiaz ahmad . he served as chief justice of the lahore highcourt from 2014 - 2015 . he has the honor of being the first person from the area to be made judge of the lahore highcourt lahore . he served as the chief justice of the lahore highcourt for 9 months and he is still remembered for his contributions to the judiciary of pakistan .
the uncanny valley is a psychological theory about the effect involving art and robots and human emotions . as something starts to look more human - like , there is a point at which people start to feel it looks wrong . at this point , they have negative feelings toward the object . these feelings keep getting worse as the object is made to look more human - like . at a certain point , as the object starts to get very close to looking human - like , how people feel towards it tend to reverse and they have more positive emotional feelings towards it . the theory was created by the robotics professor masahiro mori in 1970 . one of the main points of the theory to explain this is that people are not as affected in an emotional way by the object if it is easy to tell it is not human . after a certain point , people start to feel emotionally about it , but feel negatively because it is so nonhuman . as it gets closer to looking human , they start to feel more positive emotions towards it . a graph of these feeling shows a valley . this is part of the reason for the naming of the theory .
william - adolphe bouguereau was a french painter born november 30 , 1825 . bouguereau was a traditionalist and his style did not change much throughout his painting career . he was a popular artist in his day . rich customers liked his photo - realistic style . he liked to paint classical scenes and scenes from ancient mythology.as a boy bouguereau was born into a family of wine and olive oil sellers . his parents wanted him to join the family business when he became an adult . his uncle , however , arranged for him to get a proper education at school . bouguereau showed great talent for art . one of his father ’s customers talked him into sending william to a famous art college . there he won first place for one of his paintings . to earn extra money he designed labels for fruit jellies and jams.bouguereau liked to paint pictures of women . he was known for being able to make his subject look prettier than she really was.in 1856 , he married marie - nelly monchablon and had five children . in the late 1850s he made a profitable friendship with a successful art dealer . this art dealer made william famous even in other countries . william was able to buy a big house and studio with his growing fortune.he was a hard working painter . he would make a thorough study and sketch of what he planned to paint . the great way he painted skin , hands and feet was well known . he eventually became a teacher at a french art college.near the end of his life he described his love of his art : “ each day i go to my studio full of joy ; in the evening when obliged to stop because of darkness i can scarcely wait for the next morning to come … if i can not give myself to my dear painting i am miserable ” . he painted eight hundred and twenty - six paintings.bouguereau died at the age of 79 on august 19 , 1905 from heart disease .
lactate dehydrogenase ( ldh or ld ) is an enzyme found in nearly all living cells ( animals , plants , and prokaryotes ) . it catalyzes the conversion of lactate to pyruvic acid and backthis is an important function because lactic acid builds up in muscle tissue . ldh works to prevent muscle fatigue and failure in various ways.each ldh molecule is made of four subunits . there are somewhat different types of ldh in different tissues . the main type in the lungs has two m subunits and two h subunits ( 2h2m ) . the m and h subunits are coded by two different genes . the m subunit is coded by ldha on human chromosome 11 , and the h subunit is coded by ldhb on chromosome 12 .
a villain is a bad person . the word comes from a latin word meaning a feudal farm worker or peasant . villains , or antagonists , are usually found in fiction , such as books and movies . the audience do not usually like the villain and they support the hero or heroine . however , in some cases the villain is more praised by the public than the hero , as the example of joker in the batman franchise . in some movies and books ( such as the movie ocean 's eleven ) , the villain is a good person and the hero / heroine is bad ( such as a robber ) . when used in comic books , they are depicted as supervillains . supervillains usually hold some kind of unnatural force .
the grapes of wrath is a novel written by john steinbeck . it was published in 1939 . the book won both the pulitzer prize and the nobel prize in literature . it is often read in american high school and college classes . the title of the novel is from " book of revelation " 14:19 . the book is about the joads , a family of farmers . it takes place during the great depression and the dust bowl . because of drought and changes in the agriculture industry , the joads are forced to move from their old home to california 's central valley to find work and land.the book talks about the problems they face on the way , as they drive through the dust bowl to get to california . it also talks about the poverty , discrimination , exploitation and other problems they face once they get to california .
estcube - 1 is the first satellite from estonia . it was made as part of the estonian student satellite program , and was launched on 7 may 2013 on a vega rocket . the satellite is a project in which university and high - school students took part . the cubesat standard for nanosatellites was followed while it was built , resulting in a 10x10x11 .35 cm cube , with a volume of 1 liter and a mass of 1.048 kg.estcube - 1 was put into orbit by arianespace , using a vega rocket which took off from ela - 1 at kourou at 02:06:31 utc on 7 may 2013 at a height of 670 kilometres .
johnnie l cochran , jr. ( october 2 , 1937 – march 29 , 2005 ) was an american lawyer . he is best known for his part in the acquittal of o. j. simpson for the murder of simpson 's ex-wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ronald goldman . cochran also represented many different celebrities and victims . cochran became known as an early advocate for the victims of police brutality . cochran helped sean combs win an acquittal after being indicted on stolen weapons charges and bribery in 2001 . after the case , he decided to retire.on march 29 , 2005 , cochran died from a brain tumor in his home in los angeles , aged 67 .
cupid is an inner moon ( which makes it one of the closer moons ) of uranus . it was found by mark showalter and jack j. lissauer in 2003 using the hubble space telescope . it was named after a character in william shakespeare 's play " timon of athens " . it is the smallest of the closer uranian moons , estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter . this and the dark surface made it too dim to be detected by the " voyager 2 " cameras during its uranus flyby in 1986 . the orbit of cupid is only 863 km from the orbit of the bigger moon belinda . amazingly , compared to mab and perdita , the recently found uranian moons , it does not seem to be perturbed.following its discovery , cupid was given the designation s / 2003 u 2 . it is also designated uranus xxvii.it should not be confused with the asteroid 763 cupido .
herbert marshall mcluhan , cc ( july 21 , 1911 – december 31 , 1980 ) was a canadian professor of english literature who turned his attention to media . he was interested in the ways different media affected society.his work was a cornerstone of media studies , and had some practical applications in the advertising and television industries . his best - known work was " " . mcluhan is known for coining the expressions " the medium is the message " and the " global village " . although he was a fixture in media discourse in the late 1960s , his influence began to wane in the early 1970s . in the years after his death , he continued to be a controversial figure in academic circles . with the arrival of the internet , however , there was renewed interest in his work and perspective .
tosh .0 is an american comedy cable television show that was created by comedian daniel tosh . " tosh .0 " began on comedy central on june 4 , 2009 . the show focuses on viral videos from the internet with sarcastic commentary , interviews , and short comedy routines . being a master comedian , daniel tosh turns the worst of internet videos to very funny comedy routines . the show entered its second season on january 13 , 2010 and entered its third season on january 11 , 2011 . the finale is scheduled for april 20th , 2012 . before tosh .0 goes to a commercial break , tosh mentions to a canceled comedy central show ( usually by the name " we 'll be right back with more " onion sportsdome " ) . tosh also talks to his fans during the commercial breaks of tosh .0 on his twitter account during live broadcasts in the east coast .
hurricane florence was the first atlantic hurricane to produce hurricane force winds on bermuda since hurricane fabian hit the island in september 2003 . the seventh tropical storm and second hurricane of the 2006 atlantic hurricane season , florence developed from a tropical wave in the tropical atlantic ocean on september 3 and followed the track of a cape verde - type hurricane . because of unfavorable conditions , the system failed to organize at first , and as a result the storm grew to an unusually large size . after several days , florence encountered an area of lesser wind shear and strengthened into a hurricane on september 10 . it passed just west of bermuda while recurving northeastward , and on september 13 it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone.florence produced wind gusts of up to 115 mph ( 185 km / h ) on bermuda , which caused several power outages and minor damage . florence then brought heavy rains across newfoundland as an extratropical storm , destroying one house and causing minor damage to several others . there were no fatalities as a result of the hurricane .
the 2020 presidential campaign of beto o'rourke , the former u.s. representative who represented texas 's 16th congressional district from 2013 to 2019 , was announced on march 13 , 2019.o ' rourke became known on the national stage running for senate in texas , challenging incumbent ted cruz . he narrowly lost , by a margin of less than three percent , in one of the tightest races that year.in late 2018 , speculation began that o'rourke might run in the 2020 united states presidential election . before the midterm elections , " the new republic " mentioned that o'rourke 's senate campaign was to help lay the groundwork for a potential presidential bid , especially since he was likely to lose his senate race.he ended his campaign on november 1 , 2019 .
the magpie is a large bird in the crow family , corvidae . it is a general scavenger and predator of insects , small mammals , and other birds ' eggs and young.the word " magpie " usually means the european magpie ( " pica pica " ) , which is a very common bird . there are other magpies in europe , in spain and portugal . elsewhere , there are other species of magpie . some are black and white and are in the genus pica . some are green and blue and are also known as " oriental " magpies ( genus " urocissa " and " cissa " ) . there is also one species of blue and white magpie , the azure - winged magpie " cyanopica cyana " . there are also two other species of bird that are called ' magpie ' , though they are not true magpies . there is the black magpie , which is really a treepie . there is also the australian magpie . it is not a member of the crow family at all . it is in the artamidae family .
the pre-socratic greek philosophers were active before socrates . the popular usage of the term come from hermann diels ' work " die fragmente der vorsokratiker " ( " the fragments of the pre-socratics " , 1903 ) . most of what we know about the pre-socractic philosophers come from quotations by later philosophers and historians . while most of them produced significant texts , none of the texts have survived in complete form.the standard reference works in english are : the fundamental idea which motivated most of the presocratics ( as they are called ) is naturalism . this is the idea that questions about life and the world can be answered without using myths , and that " the natural world is the whole of reality " . with the greeks we see rational thought and scientific reasoning emerge from the mists and myths of a pre-scientific age , not suddenly , but slowly and gradually .
in telecommunications , dirty paper coding ( dpc ) is a good way to send digital data through a channel that is subject to some interference that is known to the sender . the sender does precoding of the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference.costa asked the following question : when costa asked his question , the shannon – hartley theorem ( and the more general noisy - channel coding theorem ) was well known.the shannon – hartley theorem tells us that , all else being equal , a paper sent along a path that picks up less dirt can reliably deliver more information than another paper sent along a path that picks up more dirt.people have also thought up many ways of dealing with such dirt added after the message is written — see error detection and correction for details.most people expected that the same thing would happen when dirt is added to the paper before the message was written — the more dirt , the less information can be reliably sent.in 1983 , costa showed the surprising result that we can send just as much information on such a dirty piece of paper as we can when writing on a clean sheet of paper , and gave a way to get that capacity.a dirty paper code is a way for the writer to adapt his message to the dirt already on the paper.the writer and the reader agree ahead of time on which dirty paper code they will use for the messages .
the inca civil war , the inca dynastic war , or the inca war of succession , was a civil war in the inca empire . it was fought between two brothers , huáscar and atahualpa , sons of huayna capac , over who would be the next emperor . the war came after huayna capac 's death in 1527 , and lasted from 1529 until 1532 . when their father died , the empire was divided between the two brothers . huáscar got most part of it , with the capital cusco . atahualpa got the northern parts , including quito.huáscar started the war because he saw himself as the rightful heir to the kingdom . atahualpa proved to be a better war tactician than his brother , and commanded a much bigger army . the empire was reunited under atahualpa in 1532 , but he was executed by the spanish less than a year later.it was partly because of this civil war that the spanish conquistadors , under francisco pizarro , were successful .
john walker motson ( born 10 july 1945 ) , sometimes nicknamed " motty " , is an english football commentator . he began as a television commentator with the bbc in 1971 . he commentated on over 2000 games on television and radio . from the late 1970s to 2008 , motson was the main football commentator at the bbc . although during the 1990s , barry davies was chosen for a few finals . in september 2017 , he left the bbc . for the bbc , he commentated on 10 fifa world cups , 10 uefa european championships and 29 fa cup finals . in 2018 , he started working for talksport.motson was born in salford , lancashire . he is married to anne . the couple have a son , frederick ( born 1986 ) . he lives in little gaddesden , hertfordshire .
ekiga ( formerly called gnomemeeting ) is a free and open source voip and video conferencing computer application for gnome and windows . ekiga supports both the sip and h. 323 ( based on openh323 ) protocols and is fully interoperable with any other sip compliant application and with microsoft netmeeting . it supports many high - quality audio and video codecs.ekiga was initially made by damien sandras in order to graduate from the université catholique de louvain . it is currently developed by a community - based team led by sandras . the logo was designed based on his concept by andreas kwiatkowski , an open source enthusiast and a friend of his .
kourtney mary kardashian ( born april 18 , 1979 ) is an american businesswoman , socialite , model , actress and reality television personality who gained fame as a cast member of " keeping up with the kardashians " , " kourtney and kim take new york " , and " kourtney and khloé take miami " . she is the oldest kardashian sibling . she is the sister of kim kardashian and khloé kardashian . her mother is kris jenner , her father was robert kardashian , and her former stepfather was bruce jenner ( now caitlyn jenner ) . kardashian was born in los angeles , california on april 18 , 1979 , to parents robert and kris . she was in a relationship with scott disick from 2007 to july 2015 . they had three children together : mason , penelope , and reign .
moradabad ( ) is a city , commissionary , and a municipal corporation in moradabad district of indian state of uttar pradesh . it was established in 1625a . d . by rustam khan and is named after prince murad baksh , the son of the mughal emperor shah jahan.moradabad is situated on the banks of the ramganga river , at a distance of from the national capital , new delhi and 344 km north - west of the state capital lucknow . the city is known as " pital nagri " , ( " brass city " ) for its famous brass handicrafts industry . it is also the divisional headquarters of northern railway ( nr ) .
" raise your glass " is a song by american recording artist and songwriter pink . it was released as the lead single of her album , " greatest hits ... so far ! ! ! " . it celebrates the ten years pink has spent in the music industry . she said it was for the fans who supported her during these years.the song was released in october 2010 . it was praised by critics who said it was a party anthem . it was successful commercially as well . it reached the top 10 in several countries , including the united states . there it became pink 's second solo number one hit , following " so what , " and her third overall .
fermentation is when a cell uses sugar for energy without using oxygen at the same time . ' fermentation ' also describes growing microorganisms on a growth medium . this is done to get a chemical product . french microbiologist louis pasteur studied fermentation and its microbial causes . the science of fermentation is known as " zymology " . yeast is an organism that ferments . when yeast ferments sugar , the yeast uses sugar and produces alcohol . the process uses the coenzyme nad : in metabolism , nad helps redox reactions , carrying electrons from one reaction to another . fermentation is a less efficient form of respiration than oxidative respiration ( respiration using oxygen ) . the ethyl alcohol produced by yeast is used to make beverages or biofuel . yeast can be also used to grow bakery products like bread and cakes faster . in some cases yeast might be used to speed up the process of creation of wine.other cells make vinegar or lactic acid when they ferment sugar . in a different way , the fermentation process can continue and turn the alcohol into vinegar i.e . acetic acid .
jazz dance is a dance genre which is easy to recognise , but not easy to define . it is , like some other forms of dance and music , an african influence in western culture.its origins were in social dancing to the music of jazz , but it developed into a type of stage dancing.today , jazz dance is taught to students of stage dancing . the istd ( imperial society of teachers of dancing ) lists jazz dance under ' modern theatre ' , and the idta ( international dance teachers association ) lists it in their ' theatre branch ' . professional stage dancers are certain to have some kind of jazz dance training.modern ballet has also been influenced by jazz dance . balanchine 's ballet " slaughter on tenth avenue " was the climax of the broadway musical " on your toes " ( 1936 ) , kathleen dunham and bob fosse were famous jazz dancers and choreographers .
the word oil is used for many different kinds of liquids . oil usually does not mix with water.vegetable oils are made from plants . many are used in foods and for cooking . some kinds of plant oils that people use are palm oil , maize ( " corn " ) , olive , peanut , soy , and sunflower.other kinds of oil are made from crude oil ( " petroleum " ) which comes from under the ground . people use large oil wells to bring the oil up to the surface . the oil is sent in special ships called tankers or in pipelines to factories called refineries where it is distilled into lpg , gasoline ( " petrol " ) , diesel fuel , and fuel oil . plastics are among the petrochemicals made from crude oil or natural gas . oils from crude oil are also used as fuels for engines or as lubricants to make the parts of machines work together without sticking or stopping.different kinds of oils are also used for many other things , for example to make cosmetics , medicines , paints , and detergents , like washing up liquids . soap ( s ) are similar to detergents , but they are generally made from animal fat ( s ) rather than oils.oil is also made for various purposes including synthetic fuel and lubricant .
johnny ekström ( born 5 march 1965 ) is a former swedish footballer . he is most known for his time at ifk göteborg.he became both a swedish and german champion , with bayern munich and ifk göteborg . he was also a fan - favorite at italian team empoli f.c . there he received the italian nickname of " il ciclone " ( the cyclone ) because of his quickness while the ball.ekström also played for the sweden national team and took part in the 1990 fifa world cup.his nicknames in sweden include " kallebäcks - expressen " ( the express train from kallebäck ) and " johnny bråttom " ( johnny in a hurry ) , named after his speed . he played for ifk göteborg when he was a child , and made his way to the senior squad quickly . he often went back to ifk göteborg years later .
stewart jason downing ( born 22 july 1984 ) is an english footballer . he started playing for the middlesbrough first team in 2001 . he went on loan to sunderland in 2003 , and spent the next six years at boro . when boro were relegated , in 2009 he left to join aston villa , and spent the next two years there . he had a two - year spell with liverpool from 2011 , and joined west ham united in 2013 . he re-joined boro in 2015 , and has played there since.he began playing for england in 2005 , and played 35 matches with them , but has not played since 2014 . it is suggested that he has retired from international football .
michael kelland john hutchence ( 22 january 1960 - 22 november 1997 ) was an australian recording artist and actor . he was best known as being one of the founding members and lead singer of the rock band inxs.hutchence was also the lead singer for the band max q and acted in the movies " frankenstein unbound " and " dogs in space " . in 1992 , hutchence was punched by a taxi driver in copenhagen , knocking him to the ground . this caused hutchence brain damage and depression.in july 1996 , paula yates gave birth to their daughter.hutchence was found dead by a hotel maid in his hotel room at the ritz - carlton hotel in double bay , sydney on 22 november 1997 . he committed suicide by hanging himself with his snake skin belt . hutchence had been a drug user and was using drugs just before his death .
a newspaper is a publication printed on paper and issued regularly , usually once a day or once a week . it gives information and opinions about current events and news . usually people like to read them to stay informed about their local city , state or country . newspapers can be delivered to one 's home , by subscription . one also can buy a newspaper at a store or at a newsstand . recycling of paper is common . it may be converted to new paper , for example.newspapers usually have many topics . they usually include political events , crime , business , sports , and opinions . many also include weather news . newspapers use photographs to illustrate stories ; and also often include comics and other entertainment , such as crosswords and horoscopes . many have opinion sections . these sections print the opinions of people who work for the newspaper . the opinions , which are usually on stories in the news , are called " editorials " . opinion sections usually also print short letters from people who read the newspaper .
a supercontinent is a large area of land which has more than one continental core , or craton . they are formed by continental plates coming together . continental plates have periodically collided and assembled in periods of orogeny ( mountain - building ) to form supercontinents . the cycle of supercontinents forming , breaking up , separating , and re-forming through plate tectonics happens about every 450 million years.eurasia is certainly a supercontinent , but the americas are usually thought of as separate continents . even more clearly , gondwana and laurasia were supercontinents formed by the breakup of the global supercontinent pangaea.the land bridge between north and south america is geologically a rather temporary connection . because of this , the americas are usually not described as one supercontinent .
the hertz ( symbol : hz , definition : 1 / s ) is a unit derived from time which measures frequency in the international system of units ( si ) . frequency is how often something happens . a frequency of 1 hertz means that something happens once a second . the note middle c ( the c in the middle of the piano ) is 261.65 ( 262 ) hz . this means there are 262 vibrations every second , which is heard as the note middle c , when that piano key is played.humans are able to hear sounds between 20 - 20 000 hz . owls are able to hear sounds between 200 – 12000 hz.the basic unit is 1 / second . the unit is named after a german physicist heinrich rudolf hertz .
the isle of youth ( ) is the largest cuban island after cuba itself . it is the sixth - largest island in the west indies . the island has an area of and is southwest of mainland cuba . it is across the gulf of batabanó . the island is almost directly south of havana and pinar del río . because of its superficial extension , population and for its economic characteristics , it is considered to be a special municipality . it is therefore not a part of any province . the isle of youth is administered directly by the central government of cuba.the island is the largest of the 350 in the canarreos archipelago ( ' ) . it has an estimated population of 100,000 . the capital and largest city is nueva gerona in the north . the second - largest and oldest city is santa fe in the interior . other communities are columbia , mac kinley , santa bárbara , cuchilla alta , punta del este , sierra de caballos and sierra de casas . the island was called the isle of pines ( ' ) before 1978 .
a technical support scam is a form of telephone fraud that tricks people by pretending that they are a service which helps people fix their computers . in most cases they convince the victim they have a computer problem that does not actually exist . a common type is when someone gets a call from someone ( usually from places like india or pakistan ) pretending to be from a company that sounds real such as " microsoft " or " windows " support . often the caller tries to gain the victim 's trust . they may use confusing and very technical language to sound authentic . they may ask the victim to perform several tasks on their computer . often they target legitimate files on the victim 's computer saying these are viruses . these tactics are designed to scare people into letting the scammer fix the problem ( that does not really exist ) . the caller may have the victim install malicious software that could capture sensitive data , such as online banking passwords or credit card information .
peter stuart isaacson , am , dfc , afc , dfm ( 31 july 1920 – 7 april 2017 ) was an australian publisher and decorated military pilot.isaacson was owner of peter isaacson publications , the publisher of various trade publications and suburban newspapers including the " southern cross " and the " sunday observer " in melbourne.during world war ii , he served in the royal australian air force ( raaf ) as a pilot with raf bomber command and was awarded the distinguished flying cross , the air force cross and the distinguished flying medal.issaacson died on 7 april 2017 at the age of 96 , following a short illness in melbourne , australia . he was survived by his sons ; anne had died the year before .
genealogy is the study of family history . it is the study of family relationships and ancestry ( parents , grandparents , great - grandparents , etc. ) . it is a popular hobby in the united states and in many other countries.some people show their family history using a family tree . a family tree is a diagram of the members of a family . with a family tree you use lines to show how people are related , for example , people who are married or have children.some people keep track of their family history data in a genealogy database on their computer . examples of data that a person would save are dates and places of births , marriages , and deaths . other information that might be saved are records of military service , census records which show where ancestors lived at a certain time , immigration data , education , occupations , and even photos of the ancestors . the person building the database can usually decide to save many kinds of data — news articles , stories that were told in the family ( oral history ) , information on religious ceremonies , wills or inheritances , information from family letters , customs , or how world or local events affected the family . the advantages of using a genealogy database are that it helps to keep the data organized , especially when relationships change ; it can generate several types of charts or tables with the data filled in ; it may make it easier to share data with others ; and it takes up less room than paper and notebooks.people study genealogy ( family history ) for many reasons .
ipswich town football club ( ipswich town ) is an english football club . it is in ipswich in suffolk county . the club started in 1878 . the club 's home stadium is portman road.ipswich town play in league one having been relegated from the championship in 2019 , after 17 years in the division . the club has won the top division once , in 1962 and the fa cup in 1978 . they have also been successful in european football . they won the uefa cup in 1981 . the chairman of the club is marcus evans . right now , the manager is paul lambert . two of the club 's previous managers have gone on to manage the england national football team , and one has gone on to manage the scotland national football team . a notable previous manager is roy keane , a legend for ireland and manchester united .
the hypothalamus is a brain part at the base of the brain . it connects the endocrine system to the nervous system . the word " hypothalamus " is a greek word which means " under the thalamus " ; it is used because hypothalamus is below the thalamus , and above the brain stem.the hypothalamus controls body temperature , hunger , thirst and circadian cycles.it is the control system which regulates the pituitary gland , the ' master gland ' of the body.the thalamus sits above the hypothalamus , and the hypothalamus sits above the pituitary gland . that area at the base of the brain down to the pituitary is the centre of neurosecretion . some neurosecretory cells of the hypothalamus produce hormones such as oxytocin and vasopressin . these hormones are released into the blood in the posterior pituitary . it is the main way the nervous system controls the hormones in our bodies .
in physics , mechanical energy describes the potential energy and kinetic energy present in the components of a mechanical system.when a given amount of mechanical energy is transferred ( such as when throwing a ball , lifting a box , crushing a soda can , or stirring a beverage ) it is said that this amount of mechanical work has been done . both mechanical energy and mechanical work are measured in the same units as energy in general . it is usually said that a component of a system has a certain amount of " mechanical energy " ( i.e . it is a state function ) , whereas " mechanical work " describes the amount of mechanical energy a component has gained or lost.the conservation of mechanical energy is a principle which states that under certain conditions , the total mechanical energy of a system is constant . this rule does not hold when mechanical energy is converted to other forms , such as chemical , nuclear , or electromagnetic . however , the principle of general conservation of energy is so far an unbroken rule of physics - as far as we know , energy can not be created or destroyed , only changed in form ...
the millennium dome is a large dome - shaped building in greenwich in south east london , uk . it was built in 1997/2000 to celebrate the beginning of the third millennium . the name was officially changed to the o when telefónica o europe plc bought the naming rights from the developers , anschutz entertainment group.from 31 december 1999 until 31 december 2000 the dome and some surrounding buildings were the home of the millennium exhibition which was meant to show the best of britain to the world . the most successful part of the exhibition was the stage show that was held two or three times each day in the middle of the dome . the show had dozens of dancers and acrobats , music by peter gabriel , and a tower that rose out of the dome 's floor.the rest of the exhibition was not as successful as the dome 's owners had hoped . about 6 and a half million people visited the exhibition , which was only half the number its owners hoped for.the dome was sold to us anschutz entertainment group ( aeg ) and reopened in july 2007 as the o , an entertainment complex including a 22,000 seat concert and sports venue , cinema , music club and exhibition spaces . among the first artists to perform there were bon jovi and prince . the rolling stones performed there in august 2007 , led zeppelin played a reunion show there in december 2007 , and the spice girls took residence in the arena from december 2007 to january 2008 . in 2012 , as part of the summer olympics in london , the building was renamed the " north greenwich arena " and was used to host gymnastics and basketball.a walkway across the top of the dome 's structure has been opened , allowing visitors to cross the roof at a height of 60m . the o2 roofwalk tourist attraction is now partially powered by solar energy .
le mont - saint - michel ( ; ) is an island and commune in normandy , france . it is in the manche department . it is located about one kilometre ( ) from the country 's northwestern coast . it is at the mouth of the couesnon river near avranches . it is in size and it has a population of 44 ( 2009 ) . people that live there are called the " montois " . the island has had strategic fortifications since ancient times . the name " mont - saint - michel " comes from the monastery built there in the eighth century ad . the way in which the town is built is an example of how feudal society worked . at the top there is god , the abbey and monastery . below this , there are the great halls , then stores and houses . at the bottom , outside the walls , there are the houses of fishermen and farmers.mont - saint - michel is one of france 's most famous landmarks . the island and its bay are part of the unesco list of world heritage sites . every year , more than 3 million people visit it .
dissection was a swedish black and death metal band from strömstad , sweden.dissection was formed in autumn 1989 by lead singer jon nödtveidt and bassist peter palmdahl . the band recorded and released a demo tape titled " the grief prophecy " in december 1990 . the band released their debut album " the somberlain " in 1993 . their second studio album " storm of the light 's bane " was released on november 17 , 1995 . their final studio album " reinkaos " was released on april 30 , 2006 in europe and on may 16 , 2006 in north america . the band a final european concert and broke up on 24 june 2006 . on 13 august 2006 , lead singer jon nödtveidt committed suicide by an apparent self - inflicted gunshot wound inside a circle of lit candles .
extermination camps ( death camps ) were built by nazi germany during world war ii . the goal of the death camps was to kill millions of people as quickly as possible . at the death camps , people were murdered mostly by being given poison gas in gas chambers . however , the nazis also killed many people in other ways at the death camps . they killed some in mass executions ( for example , by shooting many people at once ) . they killed others through " extermination through labor . " this was by making prisoners do very hard forced labor without giving them the food , medical care , or other basic things they needed to survive . many other people died at the death camps from starvation , illness , and freezing to death.the nazis sent many different kinds of people to the death camps . however , about 90 % of the people killed in the death camps were jewish . nazi germany wanted to ' exterminate ' the jewish people ( they wanted to kill all of the jews , so they would not exist any more ) . this plan was called the final solution . it is now called the holocaust.the fascist ustaše government in the independent state of croatia also set up death camps during world war ii . at death camps like jasenovac , they murdered many serbs , jews , and other people . as many as 750,000 serbs may have been killed at these death camps .
louis philippe i ( 6 october 1773 – 26 august 1850 ) was the second person to have the title king of the french . following the execution of louis xvi and marie antoinette , france became a republic . he spent 21 years in exile before being made king after the abdication of charles x of france in 1830 . his relatively short reign ( 1830 – 1848 ) was known as the july monarchy . louis - philippe promoted friendship with great britain . he sponsored colonialism , notably the conquest of algeria . his popularity faded quickly when french troops fired on demonstrators . this set off the french revolution of 1848 causing louis philippe to flee to england as " mr. smith " . he lived out his life in exile in england . his eldest son and heir died before succeeding him . this brought the kingdom of the french to an end .
the word savanna comes from a panamanian word for prairie or plains.they are covered with tall grasses . they may have scattered bushes and trees , but not enough to keep grasses from growing . the most common definition of savanna is the tropical grassland , such as in africa . they have seasonal rains and dry periods . all savanna plants and trees can survive periods of drought . most savannas get enough rain to support a forest , but the forest never happens because something keeps the trees from growing . this can be animals that graze and knock over trees ( like elephants in africa ) , or fires that kill most kinds of trees . instead there is lots of grasses and other plants that can regrow from the roots .
the yellow kid is the name of a comic strip character . he appeared from 1895 to 1898 in the " new york world " , and later in the " new york journal " . the yellow kid was created and drawn by richard f. outcault in the comic strip " hogan 's alley " . it was one of the first sunday supplement comic strips in an american newspaper . its graphical layout had already been established in political and other , purely - for - entertainment cartoons.the yellow kid was a bald , snaggle - toothed boy who wore an over-sized yellow nightshirt and hung around in a slum alley . this alley was typical of certain areas of squalor that existed in turn of the 19th to 20th century new york city . hogan 's alley was filled with equally odd characters , mostly other children . with a goofy grin , the kid spoke in a ragged , peculiar slang . this slang was printed on his shirt , a device meant to mock advertising billboards .
henderson island is an uninhabited island in the south pacific ocean . the island was also called san juan bautista and elizabeth island in the past . with pitcairn , oeno and ducie islands it forms the pitcairn island group.it is one of the world 's last two raised coral atolls whose ecosystems remain relatively unaffected by human contact . a 2017 survey found a large amount of plastic debris on its beaches . ten of its 51 flowering plants , all four of its land birds and about a third of the identified insects and gastropods are endemic – a remarkable diversity given the island 's size.the island is small : it measures by . it has an area of . it is located northeast of pitcairn island . it has poor soil and little fresh water . this makes it unsuitable for agriculture . there are three beaches on the northern end . the rest of the coast is made of steep cliffs up to in height.in 1902 henderson was added to the pitcairn islands colony . the pitcairn islands are a south pacific british overseas territory . united nations made it a world heritage site by the in 1988 .
rosario isabel dawson ( born may 9 , 1979 ) is an american actress and singer . her first movie was " kids " in 1995 . since then , she has become known for her roles in " men in black ii " ( 2002 ) , " 25th hour " ( 2002 ) , " the rundown " ( 2003 ) , " alexander " ( 2004 ) , " sin city " ( 2005 ) , " death proof " ( 2007 ) , " eagle eye " ( 2008 ) , " unstoppable " ( 2010 ) , " césar chávez " ( 2013 ) , " trance " ( 2013 ) , " the lego batman movie " ( 2017 ) . dawson endorsed barack obama for re-election in 2012 , and bernie sanders for the democratic nomination in the 2016 democratic party primaries.she has been dating senator cory booker since 2019 . in february 2020 , dawson publicly came out as a member of the lgbt community .
timpani ( sometimes called kettle drums ) are drums that are made out of large bowls that are usually made of copper shaped by craftsmen , which after being tuned , have a skin - like material stretched over the top . this material used to be a type of vellum or treated skin , but modern drums use a synthetic material . this top section is known as the " drumhead " . " timpani " is an italian word . it is also a plural of the word " timpano " . however " timpano " is rarely used in informal english . more often , a timpano is referred to as a " drum " , a " timpani " , or simply a " timp " . someone who plays a timpani is called a " timpanist " . timpani are different from other drums because they are tuned to certain musical notes . a timpanist will often describe the drum as being " in voice " ( or out of voice , as the case may be ) when it is correctly tuned . to play it , it is hit with a special drumstick or " timpani mallet " . other drums that are used in orchestras and bands make a sound rather than a note , and are not tuned . a player normally sits with a group of two , three or four timpani around him , which is why the name timpani is in the plural.timpani were originally used in official bands . they can still be seen in the bands of the modern official as in the household cavalry of queen elizabeth ii of the united kingdom , in which the " kettle drums " ( as they are called ) are carried by large drumhorses . in the 1700s timpani became popular in orchestral music , and can be heard in the music of handel , beethoven and other 19th century composers wrote music that needed the timpani . nowadays all large orchestras have timpani , and some bands that play popular music use them as well .
davao city , is the former largest city of the philippines . with in largest area also , the city serves as the regional center of davao region 11th , davao has been awarded by the department of tourism as the most " livable city " i . the philippines in 2008 , the city boasts of some of the finest beaches and mountains resort in the country and its proximity of the philippines ' most captivating ' diving spots as well as is highest peak , mount apo , the city of davao is the premiere city and hub of whole mindanao , it is a crown jewel of mindanao , king city of the south , fruit basket of the philippines , durian capital of the philippines and little japan of the philippines .
the giant 's causeway is an area of about 40,000 interlocking basalt columns . the formation is a result of an ancient volcanic eruption . it is in county antrim on the northeast coast of northern ireland . it is a world heritage site by unesco . it was named a national nature reserve in 1987 by the department of the environment for northern ireland . in a 2005 poll of " radio times " readers , the giant 's causeway was named as the fourth greatest natural wonder in the united kingdom.the tops of the columns form stepping stones that lead from the cliff foot and disappear under the sea . most of the columns are hexagonal , although there are also some with four , five , seven and eight sides . the tallest are about 12 metres ( 36 ft ) high , and the solidified lava in the cliffs is 28 metres thick in places.the giant 's causeway is today owned and managed by the national trust . it is the most popular tourist attraction in northern ireland .
jan persson ( " janne lucas " ) , born 3 october 1947 in gothenburg 's gamlestad parish in gothenburg , sweden is a swedish pianist and singer , scoring several chart successes in sweden during the 1970s and 1980s . janne lucas participated at melodifestivalen 1980 with the song " växeln hallå " , winning the contest . the upcoming year he participated with the song " rocky mountain " ending up third.for many years , janne lucas also acted as pianist for " vi i femman " janne also accompanied the vocal group " noviserna " for a while , where anna - lisa cederquist participated.the addressing name " lucas " comes from a pop band in gothenburg , where he was a pianist and singer during the late 1960s . the pop band lucas won sveriges radio 's pop band competition in 1967 , and charted at tio i topp with the song " anti-social season " . before that , the cover song " go now " had already charted.in a bildjournalen issue was a commercial record with , among others , the band lucas and the song " one night stand " . on 6 november 2009 , he participated at doobidoo in svt , playing the piano performing " växeln hallå " . persson is also a choral director for onsala and mölnlycke gospel choir
john guillermin ( 11 november 1925 – 27 september 2015 ) was a movie director . he was born in london and attended the university of cambridge.he was known for his movies " i was monty 's double " ( 1958 ) , " tarzan 's greatest adventure " ( 1959 ) , " never let go " ( 1960 ) , " tarzan goes to india " ( 1962 ) , " waltz of the toreadors " ( 1962 ) , " the blue max " ( 1966 ) , " the bridge at remagen " ( 1969 ) , " the towering inferno " ( 1974 ) , " king kong " ( 1976 ) , " death on the nile " ( 1978 ) , " sheena " ( 1984 ) and " king kong lives " ( 1986 ) .
a mathematical function is called continuous if , roughly said , a " small change " in the input only causes a " small change " in the output . if this is not the case , the function is discontinuous . functions defined on the real numbers , with one input and one output variable , will show as an " uninterrupted line ( or curve ) " . they can be drawn " without lifting the pen off of the page " . the definition given above was made by augustin - louis cauchy.karl weierstraß gave another definition of continuity : imagine a function " f " , defined on the real numbers . at the point formula_1 the function will have the value formula_2 . if the function is continuous at formula_1 , then for every value of formula_4 no matter how small it is , there is a value of formula_5 , so that formula_6 , means that formula_7 . we can put this another way , given a point close to formula_1 ( called x ) , the " absolute value " of the difference between the two values of the function can be made increasingly small , if the point x is " close enough " to formula_1 . there are also special forms of continuous , such as " lipschitz - continuous " . a function is lipschitz - continuous if there is a formula_10 with formula_11 for all x , y ∈ ( a , b ) . a basic way to know if a function is continuous is to use a pencil or your finger . then , start at the left of the function . then , move your finger along the path of the function . if you ever need to lift your finger or pencil to keep following the function , then you know it is not continuous . this is because , by lifting your finger , you have " jumped " from one section of the function to another . that means you made a very small movement but the function changed very much . this is what the first sentence of this article is talking about .
the baltimore plot was a plan by pro-slavery owners in late february 1861 to assassinate president - elect of the united states abraham lincoln . the plan was to kill lincoln while he was on his way to his inauguration.allan pinkerton , founder of the pinkerton national detective agency , played a key role by being in charge of lincoln 's security throughout the journey . though scholars debate whether or not the threat was real , clearly lincoln and his advisors believed that there was a threat and took actions to make sure he traveled safely through baltimore , maryland . this was where lincoln 's plotted assassination would have happened.lincoln arrived secretly in washington , d.c. on february 23 , 1861 . a planned train route through bellaire , ohio , to wheeling , virginia ( west virginia had yet to break off from virginia ) and eastward , was redirected up through the pittsburgh through pennsylvania , into maryland and eventually to washington.for the remainder of his presidency , lincoln 's many critics would call him a coward because he was in disguise while travelling secretly to washington .
fuller house is an american television sitcom . this is the sequel to " full house " , which aired on abc from 1987 to 1995 . the show looks at donna jo " d.j . " tanner , now a widowed mother of three sons living in san francisco.most of the original " full house " series cast members returned to play the same characters in " fuller house " . they have made guest appearances or have returned to their original acting roles . candace cameron bure plays d.j . tanner . jodie sweetin plays stephanie . andrea barber plays kimmy.the series began on february 26 , 2016 on netflix . on march 2 , 2016 , a second season was ordered .
pegomastax ( " strong jaw " ) is a genus of small heterodontosaur dinosaur discovered in lower jurassic rocks in south africa . it is based on a skull in the iziko south african museum in cape town.it was collected during a 1966 – 1967 expedition but not named and described until recently . paul sereno , who had recognized it as unusual in the 1980s , published a description in 2012 . the type species is " p. africana " . " pegomastax " differed from other heterodontosaurs by details of the skull . the lower jaw was robust , with a short beak . like most other heterodontosaurs , " pegomastax " had an enlarged canine - like tooth at the beginning of the lower jaw 's tooth row , which may have been used for defence . the rest of its teeth were those of a herbivore .
morna anne murrary ( born june 20 , 1945 ) is a canadian pop and country musician . she was born in nova scotia . she was a teacher in physical education . “ i was n’t all that young , ” as she told later . “ i did go to university and i did teach school for a year . i had my feet planted fairly firmly on the ground when it all began . ” but also sang and made records . one of her records , " snowbird " , became a hit late in 1970 . the song was not about christmas , but was popular during the christmas season . the record became a perennial through association with the holiday.murray later had hits with remakes of beatles ( " i 'm happy just to dance with you " ) and monkees songs ( " daydream believer " ) . she also recorded " shadows in the moonlight " and " a little good news " , which became popular.she publicly retired from a singer in the music industry in 2008 when she had the last concert tour .
townsville is a city on the northern east coast of queensland . it is the largest regional city in queensland and in 2010 was made a second capital by premier anna bligh to take the stress of governing off the southeast corner of queensland.before the city was made a capital , townsville was often referred to as the capital of north queensland , but the split of the state never occurred.popular attractions include ' the strand ' , a long tropical beach and garden strip ; riverway , a riverfront parkland attraction on the banks of ross river ; reef hq , a large tropical aquarium holding many of the great barrier reef 's native flora and fauna ; the museum of tropical queensland , built around a display of relics from the sunken british warship hms pandora ; and magnetic island , a large neighbouring island , the vast majority of which is national park .
a goth is a word usually used to describe a person who listens to gothic music and / or dresses in a goth style clothes . goths often wear black and unusual jewelry . both goth men and goth women often wear make - up.the " goth subculture " originated in the early 1980s among fans of the first gothic rock group , bauhaus.the word goth comes from the word " gothic " which actually means " gloomy " or " dark " . this meaning of the word comes from " gothic fiction " , a type of literature popular during the late 18th and early 19th century.people who call themselves a goth are those who live up the meaning of the name through wearing clothes or putting on makeup that is in colours that represent death , decay , or gloominess , such as the colour black , deathly white face makeup , dark bloody red colours , or the tones of the colour puce.goth people may also make and listen to " goth music " . goths wear normal black clothes and mix them with other colours to make a new look.goth people are often mistaken to be emo or punk because of the everyday stereotypes .
manchukuo was a puppet state of the empire of japan in china and inner mongolia from 1932 until 1945 . it was first a republic , but in 1934 it became a constitutional monarchy . it had little international recognition and was under the " unofficial " control of japan.the place , called manchuria , was the place of the manchus , including the kings of the qing dynasty . in 1931 , japan occupied manchuria after the mukden incident . a pro-japanese government was created one year later with puyi , the last qing emperor , as the nominal regent and later emperor . manchukuo 's government was removed in 1945 at the end of world war ii . the soviet union invaded in august 1945 , and formally transferred the territory to chinese administration in the following year . although the territories came under the jurisdiction of the nationalist government , the brief soviet occupation helped make the region into a base for the chinese communist troops led by mao zedong . the people 's liberation army got japanese equipment and a strategic advantage against the national revolutionary army led by chiang kai - shek.manchus formed a minority in manchukuo , whose largest ethnic group were han chinese . the population of koreans increased during the manchukuo period , and there were also japanese , mongols , white army russians and other minorities . the southern part of the liaodong peninsula was ruled by japan as the kwantung leased territory .
kraftwerk is a electronic band from germany that became famous in the late 1970s and 1980s for making electronic music . they used a synthesizer to make the rhythms and melodies in the song.kraftwerk made electronic music many years before other bands knew it would be popular . they paved the way for the midi and digital styles of music to become popular in the 1990s . many of the sounds from songs such as " computer love " , " the robots " , and " trans europe express " can be heard sampled by a variety of bands on their current releases . recently , some of kraftwerk 's original recording equipment was sold on ebay for astonishing amounts . kraftwerk continues to have a faithful following . the band 's name is german for power station .
environmentalism is both a philosophy and a social movement that is about protecting nature . it advocates helping to preserve , protect , and restore the natural environment from damage . environmentalists often talk about threats to the earth from pollution and overpopulation . environmentalism is both personal and political . in their own lives , environmentalists do things that are better for the earth , such as recycling , using natural products , and supporting businesses that try not to harm the environment . politically , they support laws that help the environment , like laws against pollution.the word environmentalism comes from ' environmental ' and ' - ism ' . ' environmental ' is the chemical , physical , and biological components of the environment while ' - ism ' is a suffix used to create action nouns out of verbs .
joseph patrick " joe " kennedy iii ( born october 4 , 1980 ) is an american lawyer , politician , and a member of the kennedy family , serving as the u.s. representative for since 2013 . he is a democrat whose district stretches from the western suburbs of boston to the state 's south coast.he is the son of former u.s. representative joseph p. kennedy ii and grandson of robert f. kennedy and ethel skakel kennedy . he worked as a peace corps volunteer and as an assistant district attorney in the cape and islands and middlesex offices before his election to congress.on january 30 , 2018 , kennedy delivered the democratic response to president trump 's state of the union address.on september 21 , 2019 , kennedy announced his plans to run against ed markey in the 2020 massachusetts united states senate race .
john " ace " cannon ( may 5 , 1934 – december 6 , 2018 ) was an american tenor and saxophonist . he was born in grenada , mississippi . he played and toured with hi records stablemate bill black 's combo , and started a solo career.his best known song " tuff " hit # 17 on the u.s. " billboard " hot 100 in 1962 , and the follow - up single " blues ( stay away from me ) " hit # 36 that same year . in april 1965 , he released " ace cannon live " ( hl 12025 ) . cannon died at his home on december 6 , 2018 in calhoun city , mississippi from emphysema at the age of 84 .
hecate ( , " hekátē " ) is the goddess of magic , crossroads , witchcraft , sorcery , ghosts and necromancy in ancient greek religion and myth . the daughter of perses and asteria ( twin sister of leto ) , hecate was a member of the third generation of titans , but sided with zeus and his siblings during the titanomachy . as such , she was greatly honored by zeus , who allowed her to operate on earth , as well as the sky and the underworld . a nocturnal figure , hecate often dwelled in underground caves or in the underworld itself . she was often invoked as a household deity , to provide aid in warding off evil spirits . hecate assisted demeter in her search for her daughter persephone following hades ' abduction of her , guiding the goddess ' path at night by her flaming torches . afterwards , she frequently served as a companion of persephone , joining her on her yearly journey to and from the realm of the dead . in later times , hecate was depicted as a woman with three - heads , thought to represent the past , present and future . serving as her attendants were the empousai , a species of man - eating monsters who were vampiric in appearance with a leg made of solid bronze and the other that of a donkey . often identified with the goddesses artemis and selene , hecate served as a representative of the harvest moon . her symbols were a pair of torches , keys and daggers , and the serpent , polecat , and dog were considered her sacred animals .
teofisto tayko guingona jr. ( , born july 4 , 1928 ) is a filipino politician . he was the 11th vice president of the philippines from 2001 to 2004 , during the first term of president gloria macapagal - arroyo.he was appointed as chairman of the commission on audit by then newly installed president corazon aquino in 1986 until 1987 . he was elected as a senator of the philippines . he won in the reelections in 1992 and became majority leader a year after.president fidel v. ramos appointed him as executive secretary from 1993 until 1995 and as justice secretary from 1995 until 1998 . he was reelected to the senate again as a minority leader from 1998 until 2001 .
a gag is any thing used to stop a person from speaking . this is done by blocking or muffling the person 's mouth and making it difficult for them to move their jaw and tongue in a normal way.gags are very commonly seen in bdsm and bondage fantasy . many different items can be used , ranging from a hand simply clamped over the victim 's mouth , to a scarf tied between the jaws , to adhesive tape placed over the mouth and face to seal the lips . there are also many kinds of specially - made gags , which usually strap around or behind the head . special gags of that kind are usually made from leather or rubber.in real life it is quite difficult to gag a person in such a way that their speech can not be understood at all , and it is almost impossible to prevent a gagged person from making some kind of sound . it is also a risk to the person 's safety , as the more tightly and securely someone is gagged , the greater the risk that they will choke or suffocate .
robert browning ( 7 may 1812 – 12 december 1889 ) was an english poet and playwright of victorian era . he was born in camberwell , london . he was married to the poet elizabeth barrett browning . they both moved to italy and lived in florence . he had one son . browning died in venice , italy . he was buried in poets ' corner of westminster abbey.he wrote a poem called the laboratory which was about a woman using poison to kill her lover 's girlfriend.browning 's longest work was the poem " the ring and the book " . it consists of more than twenty thousand lines . it is based on a true story . it tells about a real crime committed in italy at the end of 17th century . its main hero is pompilia comparini , a young woman stabbed to death by her husband , count guido franceschini.poet 's best work is probably the book " men and woman " . it was published in 1855 . it is a collection of monologues.browning 's last book is " asolando " which was published in 1889 . gilbert keith chesterton wrote a book about robert browning ; it was called " robert browning " and was published by macmillan & co. in 1903 .
center of mass or barycenter of a system is the average position of all the mass in a system.in a rigid body , the centre of mass is always in the same place . in a loose collection the center of mass may be in space , as it is in the solar system . also , as planets ' orbits change slightly , so will the position of the barycenter.a simple way to understand the concept of barycenter is to push a supermarket trolley . if you hold only one corner and push , it will only go in a straight line when you push through the centre of mass . otherwise a turning force is created . this shows that the mass acts as if it were only in one place.the center of gravity is a closely related term . it is the point where an object can be balanced perfectly by a sharp point holding it up under the object . it is the center of mass acting in a gravitational field .
florida state university is a large school in tallahassee , in the north part of florida , u.s.a . it is one of the two most important public universities in florida , together with the university of florida . more than 40,000 students go to school there , usually starting after high school ( secondary school ) at an age of about 18 years . about 9,000 of the students already have a degree ( diploma ) from college , and are learning even more , to earn an advanced degree.the university is made up of 16 colleges : arts and sciences ; business ; communication ; criminology and criminal justice ; education ; engineering ; human sciences ; information ; law ; medicine ; motion picture , television and recording arts ; music ; nursing ; social sciences ; social work ; and visual arts , theatre and dance.florida state university is more than 150 years old . the fees to attend the school ( tuition ) in 2006 were $ 3,175 for people from florida and $ 16,306 for people from other places , for each term ( about 4 months ) . their athletics team , the seminoles have 17 varsity teams and have claimed 2 national championships ( 1993 , 1999 ) in football .
sojourner truth ( about 1797 – november 26 , 1883 ) was one of the first abolitionists and activists for women 's rights . she was born as a slave , but escaped from slavery in 1826 . she was born isabella baumfree , but renamed herself to ' sojourner truth ' when she was 46 and announced she would travel to work against injustice.the name sojourner truth translates as itinerant preacher . she is one of the most widely known african american women of the 19 century . her freedom was linked with the passage of a new york state law in 1799 that began the process of gradual emancipation.she lectured widely on the cruelties she had experienced as a slave . she is best known for her " ai n't i a woman ? " speech , given at the woman 's rights convention of 1851 . she also gave out speeches about abolishing slavery . also , she became active in the underground railroad , helping blacks escape to freedom . she could only speak dutch and at a young age soon learnt english . sadly , she was beaten for not understanding the commands of her owners john and sally dumont . there is evidence that john beat her and sally sexually abused her .
the west indian manatee ( " trichechus manatus " ) or " sea cow " is a manatee . it is the largest living member of the order sirenia ( which also includes dugongs and the extinct steller 's sea cow ) . the west indian manatee is a different species from the amazonian manatee ( " t. inunguis " ) and the african manatee ( " t. senegalensis " ) . the west indian manatee is in two subspecies , the florida manatee ( " t. m. latirostris " ) and the antillean or caribbean manatee ( " t. m. manatus " ) . new research shows that there may be three groups : the florida manatee and the antillean manatee are endangered . federal , state , private , and nonprofit organizations are working to protect these species from natural and human threats , such as collisions with boat propeller blades .
the ford country squire was a station wagon from ford motor company . it was first made in 1950 . the car got started as a " woodie " , a car with wood material making up part of the car . but by 1952 , the country squire was no longer a true woodie . however , all country squires were made with steel and wood.from the 1960s to the early 1980s , many variations of the squire name were used on wood - grained cars , like the ltd ii , falcon , escort and the mid-sized ltd.during the mid-1980s , sales of full - size station wagons began to go down . this was after the chrysler and ford aerostar minivans began being made.at ford , the role for the 8 - passenger station wagon was given to mercury sable and ford taurus in 1992 .
the gospel of luke is a book of the bible . like the other gospels , the " gospel of luke " tells the stories of the life and teachings of jesus . it is the third and longest book of the new testament and comes after the gospel of matthew and the gospel of mark . the gospel is believed to be written by luke , who was a friend of the apostle paul.luke was a doctor . he wrote his gospel for a man he calls ' most excellent theophilus ' ( 1:3 ) . luke wrote another book which is fifth in the new testament , the acts of the apostles which tells what jesus ' disciples did after his rise back to heaven.unlike the gospel writers matthew , mark and john , luke was probably not jewish but was greek . he wrote the gospel mainly for non-jewish people , ( who were called gentile by the jews ) . luke wrote to prove that jesus is the son of god . luke 's gospel contains many similar stories of jesus . he tells more about the virgin birth of jesus than the other gospel writers .
hiragana are part of the japanese writing system . japanese writing normally consists of kanji which are used for the main words in a sentence , usually content words , and hiragana which are used for the little words that make up the grammar ( in english these would be words like “ from ” and “ his ” ) called particles . hiragana is also used for the endings of some of the words.hiragana is a syllabary , which means that each hiragana character stands for a syllable . it is therefore different from a language such as english which uses an alphabet in which most of the letters stand for one bit of sound ( phoneme ) . there is also another syllabary called katakana which is mostly used for foreign words and names . the two kana systems are quite easy to learn , but kanji takes years of practice . in contrast , the kana systems can be learnt in two weeks.in the past hiragana was considered as women 's writing , while men wrote in kanji . since kanji suit well in chinese but poorly in japanese , it was the women who wrote the first japanese books , poems and songs . later the buddhist clerics , such as rennyo ( d. 1498 ) , wrote in hiragana to make the religious message easy to understand so that everyone could read it.sometimes the whole of a text may be written in hiragana to make it easy . this would be used in books for young children , or for students starting to learn japanese , or when writing the lyrics for songs underneath the music where it is important to show how the words fit the music . some rare or strange kanji may also have so - called " furigana " characters above it . they are hiragana which show how the kanji is to be pronounced.in hiragana each character ( kana ) is either a vowel ( such as " a " : あ ) ; a consonant followed by a vowel ( such as " ka " : か ) ; or , at the end of a syllable , an " n " : ( ん ) , although sometimes this sounds more like an “ m ” or “ ng ” . as an example of how the grammatical endings are used we can take the verb “ to eat ” which is食べる ( taberu ) . here the main part of the word “ eat ” ( pronounced “ ta ” in this case ) is the kanji 食 . the other two syllables : “ be-ru ” are in hiragana ( べる ) . to say “ i ate ” or “ you ate ” etc . you would say “ tabemashita ” , written食べました ( “ be-ma-shi-ta ” is written in hiragana ) .
robert alan durst ( born april 12 , 1943 ) is an american real estate businessman . he was the son of new york city mogul seymour durst , and the elder brother of douglas durst , head of the durst organization.durst is suspected of foul play against three individuals in different states : kathleen mccormack durst , his first wife , who disappeared in new york in 1982 ; susan berman , his longtime friend , who was murdered in california in 2000 ; and his neighbor , morris black , who was killed in texas in 2001 . durst was the subject of a multi-state manhunt and was convicted of dismembering black , but acquitted of his murder.on march 14 , 2015 , durst was arrested in new orleans , louisiana , on a first - degree murder warrant signed by a los angeles judge in relation to the berman killing . on november 4 , 2016 , durst was transferred to california and soon after was arraigned in los angeles on first - degree murder charges . durst 's hearing is set to be held in april 2018 .
an experiment is a test of an idea or a method . it is often used by scientists and engineers . an experiment is used to see how well the idea matches the real world . experiments have been used for many years to help people understand the world around them . experiments are part of scientific method . many experiments are controlled experiments or even blind experiments . many are done in a laboratory.experiments can tell us if a theory is false , or if something does not work . they can not tell us if a theory is true . when einstein said that gravity could affect light , it took a few years before astronomers could test it . general relativity predicts that the path of light is bent in a gravitational field ; light passing a massive body is deflected towards that body . this effect has been confirmed by observing the light of stars or distant quasars being deflected as it passes the sun.now , a hundred years or so after einstein published his ideas , there have been many tests , all of which have been consistent with einstein 's predictions . but , one day , we might find the theory has some limits beyond which it does not work . what we test are implications of the theory , because the theory itself is too large and complicated to test all at once .
the ordovician is the second period of the paleozoic era . it lasted from about 485.4 million years ago ( mya ) to 443.4 mya . it follows the cambrian period and is followed by the silurian period.the ordovician was named after the welsh tribe of the " ordovices " . it was defined by charles lapworth in 1879 . he recognized that the fossils in the disputed strata were different from those of the cambrian or the silurian . therefore , he reasoned , they should be placed in a period of their own.recognition of the ordovician period was slow in britain , but elsewhere it was quickly accepted . in 1906 it was adopted as an official period of the paleozoic era by the international geological congress.the ordovician ended with a series of extinction events that , together amount to the second greatest extinction of the phanerozoic . this was the endordovician extinction event .
paracetamol ( or acetaminophen ) is a common analgesic , a drug that is used to relieve pain . it can also be used to reduce fever , and some kinds of headache . this makes it an antipyretic , something that reduces fevers . it is used in many drugs that treat the flu and colds.the words " acetaminophen " and " paracetamol " both come from the names of the chemicals used in the compound : n - acetyl - para-aminophenol and para-acetyl-amino-phenol . sometimes , it is shortened to apap , for n - acetyl - para-aminophenol . harmon northrop morse was the first to make paracetamol , in the year 1878 . drugs made with paracetamol became common in the 1950s . today , these drugs are some of the most used , together with those containing salicylic acid or ibuprofen . in the year 1977 , paracetamol was put on the list of essential medicines of the who .
yun chi - ho ( 1865 – 1945 ) was a choson politician and a korean christian activist . he was part of the independence movement against japanese imperialism . yun chi - ho is the uncle of yun bo - sun ( ) , south korea 's 4th president and well known by his pen - name jwaong ( ) . yun was a human and civil right activist and part of the national liberation movement , member of an independent club , member of the 10,000 people club and managing editor of an independent news paper.he was against the japanese invasion of korea . however , he turned away from korean independence activism in 1915 to become a pro-japanese activist .
the kawasaki heavy industries c151 is a type of train used by singapore 's mass rapid transit ( mrt ) system . it is the first generation rolling stock on the mrt and is one of the five types of electric multiple units on the north south and east west lines.the trains were introduced in 1987 and are still in operation . there are sixty - six trainsets with six cars each . there is a single money trainset with four cars that was used to collect money from different stations . it has been withdrawn from service . these trains are operated by smrt trains.the trains were upgraded between 2006 and 2008 , mainly to improve the trains ' appearances . most of the important parts for the trains ' functioning were not replaced as they were still considered in good condition . however , due to what was considered one of the mrt 's worst breakdowns in its history , a second upgrade was planned to replace these important parts , but the land transport authority paused the upgrades as they wanted to replace the trains entirely instead . currently , only a few trains have these parts replaced .
chester is a city in the north - west of england . it is almost 2000 years old and was started by romans . a person from chester is called a cestrian.chester is on the river dee , and is the county town of the county of cheshire . it is near to the country wales . almost 120,000 people live in chester . it is just south of liverpool.near to chester is chester zoo , which is the biggest zoo in the united kingdom . there are other interesting places in chester , and many are connected to its history . for example , there is the old roman amphitheatre . this is the biggest in the uk . the rows are unusual shops . in the centre of the town , the main streets have two rows of shops , one on top of the other . the rows have been part of chester since the middle ages .
kublai khan ( 23 sept. 1215 - 18 feb. 1294 ) was a mongol khan , or military ruler , who brought the mongol empire to its greatest height . he finished the invasion of china and was also the founder of the yuan dynasty . he lived during the 13th century ad . kublai khan was the grandson of the great mongol king genghis khan.kublai khan was born to tolui khan , and his wife sorghaghtani . while growing up , he participated in campaigns with his father , until he was 17 when his father died . he had also participated in campaigns with his older brother . when his brother died in 1259 , kublai had to fight against his younger brother to become great khan even though he was next in line to rule.kublai led armies against the song dynasty and took over most of china and much of asia . as the first foreigner to rule all of china , he established the yuan dynasty , which had chinese ideas but mongolian roots .
scoliosis is a medical condition in which the human or animal spine has a sideways curve . the curve is usually s - shaped or c - shaped . in some , the curve is stable . in others , though , it increases over time . mild scoliosis does not often cause problems . severe cases , however , can interfere with breathing and can cause pain.the cause of most cases is unknown . however , it is believed to involve a combination of genetic and environmental factors . risk factors include having affected family members.diagnosis is often confirmed with x-rays . scoliosis usually occurs between ages 10 and 20 . males can be affected , although females are more often affected .
ryan wayne white ( december 6 , 1971 – april 8 , 1990 ) was an american teenager from kokomo , indiana , who became a national poster child for hiv / aids in the united states after failing to be readmitted to school following an aids diagnosis . as a hemophiliac , he became infected with hiv from a contaminated blood treatment ( factor viii ) and , when diagnosed in december 1984 , was given six months to live.a lengthy administrative appeal process ensued , and news of the conflict turned ryan into a popular celebrity and advocate for aids research and public education . surprising his doctors , ryan white lived five years longer than predicted but died in april 1990 , one month before his high school graduation.the united states congress passed a major piece of aids legislation , the ryan white care act , shortly after white 's death . the act has been reauthorized twice ; ryan white programs are the largest provider of services for people living with hiv / aids in the united states .
patricia sue summitt ( " née head " ; june 14 , 1952 – june 28 , 2016 ) was an american college basketball head coach . during her career , she won 1,098 games . they are the most in ncaa basketball history . she was born in clarksville , tennessee.she served as the head coach of the university of tennessee lady vols basketball team from 1974 to 2012 , before retiring at age 59 because of a diagnosis of early - onset alzheimer 's disease . she won eight ncaa championships ( a ncaa women 's record when she retired ) , a number surpassed only by the 10 titles won by ucla men 's coach john wooden and the 11 titles won by uconn women 's coach geno auriemma . she was the first ncaa coach , and one of four college coaches overall , with at least 1,000 wins.summitt died at a retirement home on june 28 , 2016 from dementia in knoxville , tennessee , aged 64 .
the civil liberties act of 1988 ( , title i , august 10 , 1988 , , et seq . ) is a united states federal law that granted reparations to japanese americans who had been interned by the united states government during world war ii.the act was sponsored by california 's democratic congressman norman mineta , an internee as a child , and wyoming 's republican senator alan k. simpson , who had met mineta while visiting an internment camp.the third co-sponsor was california senator pete wilson . the bill was supported by the majority of democrats in congress , while the majority of republicans voted against it . the act was signed into law by president ronald reagan .
foie gras ( play / fwɑːˈɡrɑː / ; french : [ fwa ɡʁɑ ] ) ; french for " fat liver " ) is a food product made of the liver of a duck or goose that has been specially fattened . foie gras is defined as the liver of a duck fattened by gavage ( force - feeding corn ) , although outside of france it is occasionally produced using natural feeding.foie gras is a popular and well - known delicacy in french cuisine . its flavor is described as rich , buttery , and delicate , unlike that of an ordinary duck or goose liver . foie gras is sold whole , or is prepared into mousse , parfait or pâté ( the lowest quality ) , and may also be served as an accompaniment to another food item , such as steak.there is concern in animal rights circles that the way of making it is cruel .
small seal script , or xiaozhuang characters , was the first set of chinese characters that were made the standard all across china . previously , each of the warring states had their own chinese characters . people from one state did not understand the characters from another . when the qin dynasty ( 221 bc to 206 bc ) conquered the other states , emperor qin shi huang forced all imperial china to use qin characters and qin units of measurement . this allowed people all across china to communicate with each other without confusion.since the strokes used to write small seal script characters were very long , curvy , and difficult to write quickly , officials of the han dynasty replaced small seal script with traditional characters , which are still used today in china . however , since small seal characters look very artistic , they can still be seen in chinese seals and calligraphy today .
piers stefan pughe - morgan ( born 30 march 1965 in guildford , surrey , england ) is a british journalist and television personality best known in the itv good morning britain since 2014 . morgan wrote for the " news of the world " from 1994 to 1995 and " daily mirror " from 1995 to 2004 . he also is known as a judge on the show " america 's got talent " and was also the winner of " the celebrity apprentice " . on 17 january 2011 , he started a show called " piers morgan live " on the cable news network and the show took over the timeslot that was previously taken by " larry king live " before larry king retired . piers morgan was fired by cnn president jeff zucker in 2014 . piers morgan 's show was cancelled by cnn and the final episode appeared march 28 , 2014 . a major focus of his program was support for liberal causes , particularly restrictions on gun ownership . he had a feud with his predecessor larry king .
bundesliga is the name of the highest level of play in many different sports . " bundesliga " literally means " federal league " , or league of the whole country . the word is used in the countries germany and in austria . football is the most popular sport in these countries . that is why germany 's football league is the best - known bundesliga.teams come into the bundesliga by having 1st place in one of the lower leagues . the team leading at the end of the season is called " meister " , the german word for champion . season is the time of the year where games are played . as a rule , a season begins in the second half of one year and ends in the first half of the next year.the leading team is found through the number of points gained during the season . the season is split into two parts . in each part , each team plays against each other team . in football , the winning team gets three points . if a game ends without a winner , both teams get one point . bayern munich has won the bundesliga 23 times . in the years of 2000 until 2010 , they won seven times.the two most recent titles ( 2012 – 13 and 2013 – 14 ) were won by bayern munich .
the blockade runners of the american civil war were specially outfitted confederate ships designed to slip through the blockade of southern by the union navy during the american civil war . on april 19 , 1861 , one week after confederate forces attacked fort sumter , president abraham lincoln ordered the blockade . in response , the confederacy used small fast ships known as blockade runners . during the first two years of the civil war , the blockade had very limited success . as many as two out of every three ships entering or leaving southern ports were successful . the union navy had to patrol nearly 3,500 miles of seashore along the atlantic and gulf coastlines . but as the union built more ships , the blockade became more effective . as few as 25 % of blockade runners were successful later in the war .
the law of the united states is made up of many levels of codified and uncodified forms of law . the most important these is the united states constitution . this established the federal government of the united states . the constitution sets out the boundaries of federal law . this consists of acts of congress , treaties ratified by the senate , regulations promoted by the executive branch , and case law originating from the federal judiciary . the united states code is the official compilation and codification of general and permanent federal statutory law.federal law and treaties , so long as they are in accordance with the constitution , preempt conflicting state and territorial laws in the 50 u.s. states and in the territories . however , the scope of federal preemption is limited because the scope of federal power is not universal . in the dual - sovereign system of american federalism states are the plenary sovereigns . each state has its own constitution , while the federal sovereign possesses only the limited supreme authority given by the constitution . states may grant their citizens broader rights than the federal constitution as long as they do not infringe on any federal constitutional rights . most u.s. law ( especially the actual " living law " of contract , tort , property , criminal , and family law ) experienced by the majority of citizens on a day - to - day basis consists primarily of state law , which can and does vary greatly from one state to the next.at both the federal and state levels , the law of the united states is largely based on the common law system of english law . this was the system of law that was in force at the time of the revolutionary war . however , american law has changed from its english ancestor both in terms of substance and procedure . american law also borrows ideas from civil law .
grigori yefimovich rasputin ( ; ; – ) was a russian peasant , and a mystical faith healer.he was not a monk who lived in a monastery , but a religious pilgrim . in 1904 he arrived in the capital st petersburg . the tsar and tsarina talked many times with rasputin and asked for advice as he became their spiritual guide.rasputin had a lot of influence over tsarina alexandra , the wife of tsar nicholas ii , the emperor of imperial russia . alexandra believed that rasputin was the answer to her worries . her only son , tsarevich alexei , the heir to the throne was very sick . he had hemophilia . it caused heavy bleeding and pain in his groin and legs each time he fell . rasputin calmed the boy and the parents . from then on , alexandra believed rasputin was the only person who could heal her son with his prayers.because of this , the tsar and his family began to trust rasputin more with important decisions on politics . rasputin did not support the tsar when he decided to lead his country into world war i . in july 1914 , during a stay in his home village , he was stabbed in his belly by a female conspirator khioniya guseva . after seven weeks , rasputin recovered and went back to the capital . there he lived with his two daughters , who went to school in the capital.in august 1915 , the tsar decided to lead the country 's army himself , and replace his cousin grand duke nikolai . almost nobody supported him , except alexandra and rasputin . many russian politicians and nobles became very worried about rasputin 's influence . while the tsar was at the front , alexandra and rasputin took many bad decisions . they proposed to the tsar , extremely shy and weak - willed , the replacement of several ministers with ones that supported peace . at the end of 1916 , imperial russia was in a chaotic state . in the big cities there was almost nothing to eat or heat . all the trains were used to supply the army . some politicians in the parliament decided to attack alexandra and rasputin . their goal was to go on with the war , even though there were heavy losses and a lack of weapons and ammunition.in the night of 30 december 1916 , rasputin was led into the yusupov palace 's basement . he was offered wine . when he got drunk , he was shot twice by prince felix yusupov . one shot went into his right kidney and then into his spine . he climbed some stairs and staggered out of the palace through a back door . rasputin was shot again in the courtyard . to be sure he was dead , he was shot in the forehead at close range . ( nobody knows who fired that shot . ) grand duke dmitri drove the conspirators to the neva river . there they dropped his body from the bridge . in the meantime , prince felix had killed his favorite dog , to cover the blood in the courtyard . a few days later rasputin 's body , completely frozen , was found stuck in the ice . the next day the corpse was buried in a park next to the alexander palace . after the february revolution , the new leaders decided to dig up his body to prevent it from becoming a place of worship ; and eventually burned it .
a gravitational singularity ( sometimes called a spacetime singularity ) is a term used to describe the center of a black hole where gravity is thought to approach infinity.in the center of each black hole is a singularity , a point where infinite density develops as spacetime approaches it . spacetime goes toward infinite curvature and matter is crushed to infinite density under the pull of infinite gravity . at a singularity , space and time cease to exist as we know them and current laws of physics can not be applied to this region.singularities form by a collapse of a star , where star with high enough mass ( above 30 times the sun ) would shrink under its own gravity and force until it becomes a single , one dimensional point . when it forms , space and time would be infinite in there.an example would be that if a person were to stand on a collapsing star right before the singularity forms , and they sent a signal every second to a nearby observer , time and space would slow down as the singularity is being formed . the observer would hear the signal slowing down . let 's say the singularity forms at 12:00 exactly . the observer would receive all the signals , one after another , with each new signal slowing down at a very small rate until the 12:00 signal . when the 12:00 signal was sent , time and space would be infinite -- in other words , it would take forever to get the signal.to understand singularities , you have to think about infinite density , like how the original big bang started . the big bang , most scientists believe , started from an earlier universe that was pulled together by gravity into a single point . after that , it exploded and made all the matter in the expanding universe . a black hole singularity is similar , except on a smaller scale . imagine if our sun decreased to the size of the nucleus of an atom . it would be very dense . however , our sun does not have a high enough mass to become a black hole . it is well below the chandrasekhar limit , which means it will shrink to a white dwarf , with radius of a few thousand miles . it ca n't become a black hole , because it is too small . ( paragraph 3 - 5 based on " brief history of time " by stephen hawking )
nbc , whose letters stand for national broadcasting company , is an american television network that started in 1926 as a radio company . nbc started airing its first television programs in 1944 . nbc is owned by comcast , and was previously owned by general electric and universal studios . nbc owns the cable news channels cnbc and msnbc.it is nicknamed " the peacock network " because of the animal in its logo.the network is famous for its three - note chimes , and nbc sunday night football , which is the most watched tv series after american idol . some famous nbc shows are saturday night live , the fresh prince of bel air , law and order , 30 rock , frasier , er , cheers , will and grace , meet the press , and today .
super bowl xl was an american football game in the national football league between the american football conference ( afc ) champion pittsburgh steelers against the national football conference ( nfc ) champion seattle seahawks to decide the super bowl champion for the 2005 season . played on february 5 , 2006 , at ford field in detroit , the steelers beat the seahawks , 21 - 10 . steelers receiver hines ward , who caught 5 passes for 123 yards and a touchdown , while also rushing for 18 yards , was named super bowl mvp . pittsburgh finished the regular season with an 11 - 5 record and became the fourth wild card team , and third in nine years , to win the super bowl . pittsburgh also became the first # 6 seed in the nfl playoffs to win a super bowl ( and the first # 6 seed to win a conference title ) . the steelers became the second franchise , following the oakland raiders , to appear in the super bowl in four different decades ( 1970s , 1980s , 1990s , 2000s ) , and the first to appear in four consecutive decades . also , steelers runningback jerome bettis was able win a super bowl thanks to this game.however , many have criticized the officiating in that game , as they believe seattle was cheated during some questionable calls by referee bill leavy .
the word berry is used for many different kinds of small fruits that have many seeds and can be used as food . some examples are raspberry , strawberry , lingonberry and blueberry.when botanists talk about " berries " , they mean a simple fruit produced from a single ovary . they sometimes call this " true berry " , to distinguish it from " false berries " . by that statement of how words are used , grapes or tomatoes are true berries.the berry is the most common type of soft fruit in which the entire ovary wall gets to the right stage of development of the pericarp which can be taken as food . the flowers of these plants have an upper ovary with one or more carpels . the seeds are inside the soft body of the ovary.berries are small , sweet , bright colored fruits . due to this , they are able to bring more animals towards them and spread their seeds.some fruits that are called " berries " in english are not " true berries " by the use of words above . these include raspberries , strawberry , blackberries , cranberries , and boysenberries . some true berries do not have " berry " in their name . these include tomatoes , bananas , eggplants , guavas , pomegranates and chillies . pumpkins , cucumbers , melons , oranges and lemons are also berries that have slightly different structure and may be called by different names ( pepo for pumpkins , cucumbers , and melons , or hesperidium for oranges and lemons ) .
the president of the united states of america ( often shortened to potus ) is the head of state , and head of government of the united states . the office of president was created in the united states constitution in 1788 . the first president ( george washington ) took office in 1789 . the president serves as chief executive and is in charge of the executive branch of the united states government . the united states constitution makes the president the commander - in - chief of the armed forces . it also lists powers given to the president , though these powers have been expanded through practice over time.on november 9 , 2016 , donald trump was elected to be the 45th president of the united states , not including grover clevlend 's second non-consecutive term . grover cleveland served two non-consecutive terms in office , and is counted as the nation 's 22nd and 24th president . thus the incumbent , donald trump , is the nation 's 45th president . there are currently four living former presidents . the most recent death of a former president was on november 30 , 2018 with the death of george h. w. bush ; the most recently serving president to die was also george h. w. bush on november 30 , 2018 . the current president was formally inaugurated on january 20 , 2017 , succeeding barack obama .
nagercoil ( " temple of the nāgas " ) is a town in the southernmost indian state of tamil nadu and a municipality and administrative headquarters of kanyakumari district . the city is situated close to the tip of the indian peninsula , locked with the western ghats on all sides . it was briefly part of the erstwhile travancore state , till almost a decade after india 's independence from britain in 1947 . in 1956 , it was merged with tamil nadu . in its earlier days , the town and its surroundings were known as nanjilnadu . nagercoil holds a number of educational institutions , hospitals , offices and industries . it is also the hub of industrial and commercial activity in the district , and a fertile agricultural area that produces paddy . the minerals ilmenite and monazite are mined there . the land is surrounded by hills and lush green paddy fields . it is also known for different varieties of bananas . nagercoil is a land of great traditional and cultural significance.according to 2011 census , nagercoil had a population of 224,849 with a sex - ratio of 1,050 females for every 1,000 males , much above the national average of 929 . a total of 20,241 were under the age of six , constituting 10,119 males and 10,122 females . scheduled castes and scheduled tribes accounted for 4.19 % and .17 % of the population respectively . the average literacy of the city was 95.35 % . the city had a total of 59,997 households . there were a total of 76,345 workers , comprising 244 cultivators , 1,155 main agricultural laborers , 2,271 in household industries , 67,050 other workers , 5,625 marginal workers , 110 marginal cultivators , 361 marginal agricultural laborers , 447 marginal workers in household industries and 4,707 other marginal workers.as per the religious census of 2011 , nagercoil had 61.06 % hindus , 8.89 % muslims , 29.94 % christians , 0.01 % sikhs , 0.02 % buddhists , 0.02 % jains and 0.06 % following other religions or not stating their position.the largest concentration of the population of the town and the district is along the coastal belt , on the eastern side , while the largely forested areas on the western side of the district ( along the western ghats ) are sparsely populated .
the winter war ( 30 november 1939 - 13 march 1940 ) was a conflict fought between the soviet union and finland . it began when the soviet union tried to invade finland soon after the invasion of poland . the soviet military forces expected a victory over finland in a few weeks , because the soviet army had many more tanks and planes than the finnish army.however , the finnish forces resisted both better and longer than expected . one reason the finnish forces did better is because they had good winter clothes and they wore white coats which camouflaged them in the snow . as well , the finnish soldiers moved around on skis , which made it easy for them to sneak up on the soviet soldiers . the soviet army did not have good winter clothes , and they wore dark green coats , which made them easy to see in the snow.the defeated finns had to give up 11 % of their country . they tried to get it back in the continuation war .
a software bug is a problem with the code in a computer program which makes it not work properly . they can cause inconvenience to the user and may make their computer crash or freeze . most computer programs have bugs . a program that has a large number of bugs ( or possibly a single or a few serious bugs ) is said to be buggy.most bugs are caused by bad programming by the developer , but sometimes they can be caused by compiler problems . when bugs are found , people send bug reports to the developer to tell them about the bug and let them fix it.sometimes , people say that their computer has a bug when something is wrong with it . the problem is usually caused by a computer virus which has infected their computer and is making it slow or do different things.some bugs are harmless , for example , many video games incorrectly allow objects to move through walls . other bugs are more severe , for example , a bug in a navigation system that causes an airplane to explode .
the liberal party was a liberal political party . it was one of the two big political parties in the united kingdom in the 19th and early 20th century.the party came from an alliance of whigs and free - trade peelites and radicals in the 1850s . in the next 50 years it formed four governments under william gladstone.the party split over the issue of irish home rule . it returned to power in 1906 with a landslide victory . they introduced the welfare reforms that created a basic british welfare state.h . h. asquith was liberal prime minister between 1908 and 1916 . he was followed by david lloyd george , whose premiership lasted until 1922 . at that time the coalition the party had formed with the conservative party in world war i came to an end.by the end of the 1920s , the labour party had replaced the liberals as the conservatives ' main rival . the party went into decline . by the 1950s , it won no more than six seats at general elections.apart from notable by - election victories , the party 's fortunes did not improve significantly until it formed the sdp - liberal alliance with the newly formed social democratic party ( sdp ) in 1981 . at the 1983 general election , the alliance won over a quarter of the vote , but only 23 of the 650 seats it contested . at the 1987 general election , it won less than 23 % of the vote.the liberal and social democratic parties merged in 1988 to form the liberal democrats.prominent intellectuals associated with the liberal party include the philosopher john stuart mill , the economist john maynard keynes and social planner william beveridge .
sappho was an ancient greek lyrical poet . she was probably born around 630 bc on the island of lesbos . in the ancient world , sappho 's poetry was highly thought of . today , most of it has been lost . sappho presumably wrote about 10,000 lines of poetry , but only around 650 lines survive today . little is known for certain about sappho 's life.sappho 's poetry centers on passion and love for both men and women . the narrators of her poems often speak of infatuations and love for various women . descriptions of physical acts between women are few and open to debate . whether these poems are meant to be autobiographical is not known , although elements of other parts of sappho 's life do make appearances in her work . it would be like her style to have these intimate encounters expressed poetically .
enzymes are protein molecules in cells which work as biological catalysts . enzymes speed up chemical reactions in the body , but do not get used up in the process , therefore can be used over and over again.almost all biochemical reactions in living things need enzymes . with an enzyme , chemical reactions go much faster than they would without the enzyme . other biocatalysts are catalytic rna molecules , called ribozymes.the substances at the start of a reaction are called substrates . the substances at the end of a reaction are the products . enzymes work on the substrates , and turn them into products . the study of enzymes is called enzymology.the first enzyme was found in 1833 by anselme payen .
fiorello henry la guardia ( sometimes laguardia ) ( pronounced / / ; born fiorello enrico la guardia ) was mayor of new york city for three terms from 1934 to 1945 as a liberal republican.he was elected to congress in 1916 and 1918 , and again from 1922 through 1930 . la guardia and is often touted as one of the three or four greatest mayors in american history . since he was only five feet tall and his first name was italian for " little flower " , he was called " the little flower " throughout his life . he moved to arizona with his family , where his father had a bandmaster position at fort whipple in the u.s. army.la guardia , a republican who was liked across party lines , was very popular in new york during the great depression . as a supporter of the new deal , he supported president franklin d. roosevelt , a democrat , and in turn roosevelt heavily funded the city and cut off patronage from many politicians and establishments who did not support la guardia . many people felt that la guardia improved new york city economically and socially and restored public faith in city hall.during his terms , he unified the transit system , directed the building of low - cost public housing , public playgrounds , and parks , constructed airports , reorganized the police force , defeated the powerful political machine tammany hall , and improved employment rates in new york city , even during the depression.in the mid-1940s there was a newspaper strike in new york city . la guardia responded to the public clamor by sitting at a radio microphone and describing and reading the sunday comics to the children of the city . he described the cartoons and portrayed the dialects and accents of the characters . this endeared la guardia to the electorate and the children of new york and gave him a larger national image .
joseph rudyard kipling ( 30 december 1865 - 18 january 1936 ) was an english author and poet . he was born in bombay , india . he wrote children 's fiction , like " kim " , " the jungle book " and " puck of pook 's hill " . he also wrote the well - known poems , " if — " and " gunga din " , and many short stories set in india . he was awarded the 1907 nobel prize in literature . he spent part of his life living and writing in new england with his american wife but returned to england to live in sussex.kipling died of a perforated duodenal ulcer in fitzrovia , london in 1936 and is buried in westminster abbey , london .
uncle tom 's cabin ; or , life among the lowly is an anti-slavery novel by harriet beecher stowe . it was published in 1852 . it greatly influenced many people 's thoughts about african americans and slavery in the united states . it also strengthened the conflict between the northern and southern united states . this led to the american civil war . the book 's effect was so powerful that lincoln said when he met stowe at the beginning of the civil war , " so this is the little lady who made this big war . " the main character of the novel is uncle tom , a patiente sentimental novel showed the effects of slavery . it also said that christian love is stronger than slavery . " uncle tom 's cabin " was the most popular novel of the 19th century , and the second best - selling book of the century ( the first one was the bible ) . it helped abolitionism spread in the 1850s . in these days , it has been praised as a very important help to anti-slavery . however , it has also been criticized for making stereotypes about black people .
the legend of zelda : the wind waker , known in japan as is the tenth game in " the legend of zelda " group of games . it was made for the nintendo gamecube and was sold in stores in the year 2002 in japan and the year 2003 in america . the game takes place on a big ocean with a few small islands that the player can sail to on a boat . the game is similar to " " . the game is the first cel - shaded " legend of zelda " game , which means the game looks like a cartoon . the game 's story takes place hundreds of years after " the legend of zelda : ocarina of time " and the story also continues with the game 's sequel , " " . on january 23 , 2013 , nintendo announced a high definition remake of the game for the wii u called " the legend of zelda : the wind waker hd " . it was released on september 20 , 2013 in north america . it will be released in japan on september 26 , 2013 , in europe on october 4 , 2013 , and in australia on october 5 , 2013 . it includes an updated art style and miiverse support .
a gv star , or yellow dwarf , is a main - sequence star . it is of spectral type g and luminosity class v on the hertzsprung - russell diagram . the term " yellow dwarf " is a misnomer , because g - type stars actually range in color from white , for more luminous types like the sun , to only very slightly yellow for the less massive and luminous g - type main - sequence stars . see spectral classification for a chart of star color by light type.gv stars are small ( about 0.8 to 1.0 solar masses ) and have a surface temperature of between 5,300 and 6,000 k. like other main - sequence stars , a gv star turns hydrogen to helium in its core by means of nuclear fusion.our sun is the most commonly known ( and most easily seen ) example of a gv star . each second , it combines around 600 million tons of hydrogen to helium , changing about 4 million tons of matter to energy . other gv stars include alpha centauri a , tau ceti , and 51 pegasi.our own sun looks yellow through the earth 's atmosphere due to rayleigh scattering . without that , it would look white . even though the name " dwarf " is used to compare yellow main sequence stars from giant stars , yellow dwarfs like the sun are 90 % brighter than all of the stars in the milky way ( which are largely orange dwarfs , red dwarfs , and white dwarfs ) . a gv star fuses hydrogen nuclei together and release energy for around 10 billion years . after the hydrogen is used up , the star will grow to many times its earlier size and become a red giant like aldebaran . eventually the red giant will lose its outer layers of gas , which will become a planetary nebula , while the inside of the star ( also known as the core ) will cool and shrink into a small , very dense white dwarf .
george edward foreman ( january 5 , 1949 ) is an american two - time world heavyweight boxing champion and entrepreneur . he was born in marshall , texas , and grew up in fifth ward , houston.he became the oldest man ever to win a major heavyweight title when , at 45 , he knocked out 26 - year - old michael moorer in the 10th round . he is still the oldest person to do that and has been named one of the 25 greatest fighters of all time by " ring magazine " . nicknamed " big george " , he is now a successful businessman and an ordained christian minister.foreman has ten children , and each of his five sons is named george : george jr. , george iii , george iv , george v , and george vi . they are also known by the nicknames " monk " , " red " , " joe " " big wheel " and " little george " . his five daughters are michi , georgetta , freda george , natalie , and leola . he also has two adopted daughters.late in the 20th century he gave his name to the electric george foreman grills . they cook food and allow the fat to drain off into a bowl , making the food less fatty .
in the summer of 1993 , evan chandler accused michael jackson of sexually abusing his 13 - year - old son , jordan . evan chandler killed himself on november 5 , 2009 . his death was four months after that of michael jackson.jackson first met jordan chandler when chandler was five years old.jackson had become good friends with jordan chandler and his family after meeting chandler in may 1992 . evan became jealous of jackson because his son liked spending time with him more . in july 1993 jackson and jordan 's relationship ended . chandler , who was a dentist , was made to admit that he gave his son a barbiturate called sodium amytal to take out his tooth in august 1993 . while he was under the influence of the drug jordan told his father that jackson had sexually abused him . jordan chandler told the police about the abuse . los angeles police department 's sexually exploited child unit began a criminal investigation on jackson on august 18 . police searched jackson 's neverland ranch . they found books and photographs in his bedroom that had young boys wearing little or no clothing in them.jackson ended his dangerous world tour on november 11 , 1993 to go to rehab . he had become addicted to painkillers , which he used for the stress of the allegations.la toya jackson , michael 's sister , said at a press conference on december 9 , 1993 that " this has been going on since 1981 , and it 's not just one child . " her husband and manager at the time jack gordon said that michael jackson had said that he would kill la toya if she told . in 2011 la toya said " i never for a minute believed my brother was guilty of anything like that " .
to kill a mockingbird is an american novel written by harper lee . it was published in 1960 . the book was a great success . it won the pulitzer prize . the book was adapted and made into a 1962 movie starring gregory peck . the movie won three academy awards.lee based the story and characters on her family and neighbors , and something that happened near her hometown in 1936 . this was when she was 10 years old . " to kill a mockingbird " is a southern gothic novel and a " bildungsroman " ( a story where the main character develops and grows ) . its main themes are white / black racism and innocence . lee also writes about bravery , compassion , and gender roles in the american deep south . the book has been taught in many schools in english - speaking countries with lessons about being patient and fair.it is set during the great depression ( world depression ) of the 1930s . it was first published in 1960 and made into a movie in 1962 . it tells the story of a young girl , jean louise finch ( known as " scout " ) and her brother jeremy atticus finch ( known as " jem " ) . they live in the southern united states with their father atticus finch , who is a lawyer . in the story , atticus defends a black man , tom robinson , who has been accused of raping a white woman .
the code of hammurabi was a legal code of babylonia written about 1700 bc.it was written on a stele ( a large stone monument ) , and put in a public place where everyone could see it . the stele was later captured by the elamites and taken to their capital , susa . it was found there again in 1901 , and is now in the louvre museum in paris.the code of hammurabi had 282 laws written by scribes on 12 tablets . unlike earlier laws , it was written in akkadian , the daily language of babylonia.the code of hammurabi is the longest - surviving text from the old babylonian period.the code is an early example of a law regulating a government : a kind of primitive constitution . the code is also one of the earliest examples of the " presumption of innocence " ( innocent until proven otherwise ) . it suggests that both the accused and accuser have the opportunity to provide evidence .
the koh - i - noor ( also spelled koh - i - nûr and kooh - è noor ) is a large , colourless diamond that was found near guntur in andhra pradesh , india , possibly in the 13th century . the name means mountain of light in the persian language.before it was cut for jewellery , it weighed . it was was first owned by the kakatiya dynasty . ownership of the stone changed several times between various ruling groups in south asia over the next few hundred years . the koh - i - noor ended up in the possession of queen victoria after the british conquest of the punjab in 1849 . it is now part of the british crown jewels , part of the royal collection held in trust by queen elizabeth ii for her successors and the uk.in 1852 , prince albert , the husband of queen victoria , unhappy with its dull and irregular appearance , ordered it cut down from . it emerged 42 per cent lighter as a dazzling oval - cut brilliant weighing and measuring 3.6 cm x 3.2 cm x 1.3 cm.since arriving in the u.k. , it has only ever been worn by female members of the family , starting with queen victoria . after queen victoria 's death , the koh - i - noor was set in the crown of queen alexandra , the wife of edward vii . it was used to crown her at their coronation in 1902 . the diamond was transferred to queen mary 's crown in 1911 , and finally to the queen mother 's crown in 1937 . when the queen mother died in 2002 , it was placed on top of her coffin for her state funeral.today , the diamond is set in the front of the crown , as part of the crown jewels of the united kingdom . it is seen by millions of visitors to the tower of london each year .
wallonia ( , ) or the walloon region ( french : " région wallonne " ) is a french - speaking region in the south of belgium . its official languages are french ( 98 % ) and german ( 2 % ) . many people understand the local language walloon , some still speak it , and few people write it . german is spoken mainly in the area of the german - speaking community of belgium.the capital of the region is namur . other important cities are : liège , charleroi , mons , tournai and verviers.french speaking walloons share the french community with french speaking people of brussels.current minister - president of the walloon government is willy borsus.wallonia is one of three regions in belgium . the other two regions are flanders ( or flemish region ) and brussels - capital region .
cargo cult is a name given to several religions . there are many cargo cults in melanesia and new guinea . these religions are started when tribal societies come into contact with western civilisation . when the first contact happened , the tribespeople saw western manufactured goods , like radios . these things are called " cargo " . the tribespeople did not know how the manufactured goods worked nor how they were made.they imitate the behaviour they saw the westerners do , in the hope that some spirits will send them more cargo . in other cases , such as on the island of tanna in vanuatu , cult members worship americans who brought the cargo.during the age of colonialism , the colonial powers came in contact with many technologically less advanced societies . the first cargo cults were documented in new guinea , and other countries of micronesia , melanesia and the west pacific ocean.the people who are part of the cargo cults think that the cargo was created by their deities and ancestors . they think that the cargo was made for the members of the cargo cult , but the foreigners have it . for this reason , the efforts and rituals of cargo cults are done so that the foreigners should get less of these goods and the cult members more of them .
bryan danielson ( born may 22 , 1981 ) is an american professional wrestler that is currently signed for wwe and works on the smackdown brand . his wwe ring name is daniel bryan . he is known by his nickname , the american dragon.in wrestling , danielson was a world champion , having won the roh world championship in ring of honor ( roh ) once . also , danielson has won the pwg world championship in pro wrestling guerrilla ( pwg ) twice , the fip heavyweight championship once in full impact pro , the ghc junior heavyweight championship once in pro wrestling noah and was the last roh pure champion , as he combined the pure title with the roh world title in 2006 . he also won the iwgp junior heavyweight tag team championship in new japan pro wrestling with curry man . he is three - time wwe world heavyweight champion , one - time world heavyweight champion . on march 29 , 2015 , he became the intercontinental champion.until 2009 , danielson only wrestled on the indy scene . roh was his home promotion , but he also worked in fip , pwg , and the national wrestling alliance ( nwa ) . he has also worked worldwide , most notably in pro wrestling noah through roh 's involvement in the global professional wrestling alliance , a global team of wrestling promotions that allow their competitors to travel abroad to other companies . he also competed in a some matches in wwe before signing an actual contract with the company in 2009 . in june 2010 , shortly after the end of the first season of the " wwe nxt " show which danielson was in , wwe announced that he had been released from his contract . but , at summerslam , he returned .
chip ganassi racing with felix sabates is an american racing team that is one of the best teams in american racing . they compete in the indycar series , nascar , and sportscar racing . their indycar drivers are ryan briscoe , scott dixon , tony kanaan , and charlie kimball . dixon is the current indycar champion , which he won for the third time in 2013 . ganassi 's nascar team 's drivers are jamie mcmurray and kyle larson . their sportscar team 's drivers are scott pruett , marino franchitti , and memo rojas.two of ganassi 's indycar cars and one of their nascar teams are sponsored by target . the drivers of the target sponsored cars are often in target advertising and posters of them can be seen in many target stores .
personification is a figure of speech where non-living objects are described to seem like people.in the arts , personification means representing a non-human thing as if it were human . personification gives human traits and qualities , such as emotions , desires , sensations , gestures and speech , often by way of a metaphor.personification is much used in visual arts . examples in writing are " the leaves waved in the wind " , " the ocean heaved a sigh " or " the sun smiled at us " . in easy language personification is just giving an example of a living being for a non-living thing . " the wind shouted " . in these examples , the nonhuman subjects are given human characteristics.another commonly used personification is found in stories where animals and legendary creatures are attributed labels for recognition . this is called anthropomorphism .
the geometric mean is a number , which is used to represent a set of numbers . it is calculated by taking the n - th root of the product of these numbers . what most people refer to when they talk about mean or average is the arithmetic mean . the geometric mean is almost always smaller than the arithmetic mean . in some cases , it is equal . the geometric mean is often used in finance and in statistics.because there 's a product , it does not make sense to calculate the geometric mean if one of the numbers is zero . it generally also does not make much sense to calculate it when one of the numbers is negative . it is n't used for complex numbers , because calculating the root of a complex number has more than one result .
the battle of verdun was a battle of the first world war . it started when the german fifth army attacked french positions , near verdun , on february 21 , 1916 . it ended on december 18 of that year but the front line had not changed very much . both sides lost about 337,000 soldiers each . never before was industrialisation so visible in war . they also speak about the " hell of verdun " or the " blood pump " . the battle of verdun is considered the biggest and longest in world history.never before or since has there been such a long battle , involving so many men , fought on such a tiny piece of land . there were many attacks and counterattacks ; one small village changed hands 16 times . the battle , which lasted from 21 february , 1916 until 19 december 1916 caused over an estimated 700,000 casualties ( dead , wounded and missing ) . about 300,000 died . the battlefield was not even a square ten kilometres . from a strategic point of view , there can be no justification for these terrible losses . the battle lowered into a matter of prestige for the two nations , and started being fought for the sake of fighting and honor , according to german command paul von hindenburg.the french commander , marshall philippe pétain , used a system of rotation by which every division in france fought for a short time at verdun . after the battle the landscape was left as one of the worst battlegrounds on all of france , filled with craters of the artillery , the trenches , the odor left by the dead , etc . during the battle the chief of the german general staff , erich von falkenhayn , was relieved from duty and sent to lead a joint austrian , german and bulgarian attack on romania , leaving paul von hindenburg as chief of staff .
there are a numbers of ways to calculate square roots of numbers , and even more ways to estimate them.the mathematical operation of finding a root is the opposite operation of exponentiation , and therefore involves a similar but reverse thought process.firstly , one needs to know how precise the result is expected to be . this is because often square roots are irrational . for example , square root of a nice round whole number 28 is a fraction which in its decimal notation has infinite length , and therefore it is impossible to express it exactly : formula_1moreover , for some real numbers the square root is a complex number . for example , square root of -4 is a complex number 2 " i " : formula_2in many cases there may be multiple valid answers . for example , square root of 4 is 2 , but -2 is also a valid answer . one can verify that they are both valid answers by squaring each candidate answer and checking if you obtain 4 as the result of verification : formula_3formula_4please note that calculating a square root is a special case of the problem of calculating n root .
the proteobacteria are a major phylum of bacteria.they are gram - negative bacteria . this means they do not retain the violet dye in the gram staining protocol.in a gram stain test , a counterstain ( commonly safranin ) is added after the crystal violet , colouring all gram - negative bacteria with a pink colour.the test itself is useful in classifying two distinct types of bacteria based on the structural differences of their cell walls.proteobacteria include a wide variety of pathogens , such as " escherichia coli " , " salmonella " , " vibrio " , " helicobacter " , and many other notable genera.others are free - living , and include many of the bacteria responsible for nitrogen fixation . the group is defined primarily in terms of ribosomal rna ( rrna ) sequences.most members are facultatively or obligately anaerobic , chemoautotrophs , and heterotrophic , but there are numerous exceptions.there are alphaproteobacteria in this phylum which are widely found in marine plankton . they may constitute over 10 % of the open ocean microbial community .
the aldol reaction is a very important reaction in organic chemistry . it allows to form new carbon - carbon bonds . it was discovered in 1872 . the reagents are two carbonyl compounds together with a base . a proton is removed from one of them forming a negative charge on the α - carbon ( the carbon just next to the c - o double bond ) . the negative charge can then attack the other carbonyl compound , forming the bond . the product is a β - hydroxy carbonyl compound , a molecule with a c - o double bond and an alcohol two carbon atoms down the chain . this reaction is very powerful because it can form a big molecule from two smaller ones.modern ways of doing the aldol reaction also allow to control the stereochemistry of the product . this is a very good way to create new chiral centres .
guangdong ( ) is a province on the southern coast of china . the meaning of the name in chinese is " east of the expanse " or " expanse 's east " . it has a higher population and gdp than any other province in china . its capital city is guangzhou . guangdong has 49 districts , 30 county - level cities , 42 counties , and three autonomous counties.guangdong has an area of 177,900 km ( 68,700 sq mi ) and is the 15th biggest province in china . in 2008 , more than 95,440,000 people were living in guangdong . they speak several different kinds of dialects . more than half of the people speak yue chinese , which is also the main dialect in the neighboring hong kong , while min chinese and hakka chinese each has about 20 % of the total speakers.the shortened name for guangdong is yue ( 粤 ) , since guangxi also shares the first word " guang " ( 广 ) , meaning " expanse " .
katharine hepburn ( may 12 , 1907 - june 29 , 2003 ) was an american actress . her career lasted 66 years . she is thought of as one of the top screen actresses in movie history . she was nominated for 12 academy awards , winning four.hepburn was born in hartford , connecticut and went to bryn mawr college . she got her degree in 1928 and started on broadway that same year.in 1932 she got a role in the george cukor movie " a bill of divorcement " , with john barrymore . she was very successful in the early 1930s , but then she became unpopular . she became popular again with the movie " the philadelphia story " . in 1942 she starred in " woman of the year " with spencer tracy . they made eight more movies together , including " adam 's rib " and " guess who 's coming to dinner " . they also had an off - screen romance that lasted until tracy 's death in 1967 , but they never married because tracy did not want to divorce his wife . before this , hepburn was married to ludlow ogden smith from 1928 - 1934 , and also had relationships with leland hayward and howard hughes.her autobiography , " me : stories of my life " , came out in 1991 . she died on june 29 , 2003 at 2:50 p.m. , at fenwick , the hepburn family home , in old saybrook , connecticut . she was 96 .
the warsaw uprising ( ) was a major world war ii attack by the polish resistance home army ( ) . the resistance wanted to free warsaw from nazi germany.the attack happened at the same time as the soviet union 's red army got close to the east of the city and the german forces retreated . however , the soviets stopped moving forward . this allowed the germans to destroy the city and defeat the polish resistance.the resistance fought for 63 days with little help from other allied armies . the uprising was the largest attack done by any european resistance movement of world war ii.the uprising began on 1 august 1944 . it was part of a big plan , operation " tempest " , which started when the soviet army got near warsaw . the goals of the polish resistance were to push the german troops out of the city . they also wanted to free warsaw before the soviets arrived . this would help the polish underground state to take control of the city.at the start of the battle , the polish resistance got control over most of central warsaw . the soviets did not move into the city to help the resistance troops.by 14 september , polish forces under soviet command captured the east bank of the vistula river . the soviet army did not help the poles . the soviets did not use their military planes to help the poles.winston churchill asked stalin and franklin d. roosevelt to help the polish troops , but the soviets would not help the poles . churchill sent over 200 drops of supplies by air . the us army air force sent one drop of supplies by air.about 16,000 members of the polish resistance were killed and about 6,000 were badly wounded . in addition , between 150,000 and 200,000 polish civilians were executed . jews being hidden by poles were found by the germans.the germans had over 8,000 soldiers killed and missing , and 9,000 wounded . during the fighting in the city about25 % of warsaw 's buildings were destroyed . following the surrender of polish forces , german troops destroyed 35 % of the city .
the manhattan project was the program based in the united states which tried to make the first nuclear weapons . the project went on during world war ii , and was run by the u.s. army . the head of the project was general leslie r. groves , who had led the building of the pentagon . the top scientist on the project was robert oppenheimer , a famous physicist . the project cost $ 2 billion , and created many secret cities and bomb - making factories , such as a laboratory in los alamos , new mexico , a nuclear reactor in hanford , washington , and a uranium processing plant in oak ridge , tennessee.the manhattan project had to find solutions to two difficulties . the first difficulty is how to make the special isotopes of uranium or plutonium . this process is called separation and is very slow . the united states built very big buildings with three different kinds of machine for separation . they made enough fissionable special isotopes for a few nuclear weapons . the second difficulty was how to make a bomb that will produce a big nuclear explosion every time . a weapon with a bad design can make a much smaller nuclear explosion . this is called a " fizzle " . in july 1945 , the manhattan project solved the two difficulties and made the first nuclear explosion . this test of a nuclear weapon was called " trinity " and was a success.the manhattan project created two nuclear bombs which the united states used against japan in 1945 .
lee strasberg ( israel strassberg ; november 17 , 1901 – february 17 , 1982 ) was a polish - born american actor , director and acting teacher . strasberg was known for teaching anne bancroft , dustin hoffman , montgomery clift , james dean , marilyn monroe , julie harris , paul newman , al pacino , robert de niro and director elia kazan.strasberg was born on november 17 , 1901 in budzanów , austrian poland ( now in ukraine ) . he was married to nora krecaun from 1926 until her death in 1929 . then he was married to paula miller from 1934 until her death in 1966 . he was married to anna mizrahi from 1967 until his death in 1982 . they had four children . strasberg died on february 17 , 1982 in new york city from a heart attack , aged 80 .
mystery science theater 3000 ( mst3k ) was a comedy television series . it was made in the u.s. state of minnesota from 1988 to 1999 . the series was at first made for a local station in minnesota . it was later moved to comedy central , and then the sci - fi channel . the series was about a man ( originally joel robinson , played by joel hodgson , the show 's creator , and later mike nelson , played by michael j. nelson , the show 's head writer ) , who is put in a spaceship by an evil scientist . he was forced to watch some of the worst movies ever made . joel makes some robots to keep him company . two of the robots , named crow t. robot ( played by trace beaulieu and , later bill corbett ) and tom servo ( played by josh weinstein and later kevin murphy ) , watch the movies with him . while the movie is shown , the three make jokes and comments about the movie they watch .
the basal ganglia ( or basal nuclei ) are three areas under the cerebral cortex . they are part of the cerebrum ( forebrain ) , and connected to the midbrain and the thalamus . they are vital to movement , and damage here results in damaged ability to move.the three areas are : the range of behaviours controlled by the nuclei is wide . they control eye movements . they do voluntary motor control , learning procedures for routine behaviors or " habits " , and cognitive emotional functions.the basal ganglia also control motivation . they select actions , that is , the choice of what to do at a given time . experimental studies show that the basal ganglia inhibit ( suppress ) a number of motor systems . a release of this inhibition lets a motor system act . this " behaviour switching " is influenced by signals from many parts of the brain , including the prefrontal cortex , which plays a key role in doing things .
victor could mean :
voice might mean :
jurchen may mean :
george miller may refer to :
geoffrey palmer may refer to :
morelos municipality may refer to :
white mustard is an annual plant .
lei could mean : lei could mean :
these are episodes of the loud house .
russian mission is a city in alaska .
cheshire ( ) is a county in england .
liver disease is any disease affecting the liver .
jessore district is a district of bangladesh .
arkelstorp is a town in sweden .
thomas is a city in oklahoma in the united states .
pierce is a city in idaho in the united states .
sanders is a city in kentucky in the united states .
bliss is a city in idaho in the united states .
hanna is a town of oklahoma in the united states .
aurora is a city in iowa in the united states .
pielinen is the fourth biggest lake in finland .
vernay is the name of two places in europe :
lenox is a city in iowa in the united states .
libertyville is a city in iowa in the united states .
hornick is a city in iowa in the united states .
marsing is a city in idaho in the united states .
durango is a city in iowa in the united states .
marengo is a city in iowa in the united states .
bedford park is a village in illinois in the united states .
in 2009 , a movie based on this story was released .
iowa falls is a city in iowa in the united states .
bangladesh telephone numbers use a calling code of +880 .
the 17th century is the century from 1601 to 1700 .
vierne is a surname . people with the surname include :
brooks county is the name of two counties in the united states :
marestail ( also mare 's tail ) may mean :
the year 1576 was a leap year which started on sunday .
remsen is a city in iowa in the united states .
leflore is a town in oklahoma in the united states .
driggs is a city in idaho in the united states .
checotah is a city in oklahoma in the united states .
hydro is a town in the u.s. state of oklahoma .
woodlawn park is a city of kentucky in the united states .
como is a town in the u.s. state of texas .
bouïra is a province in algeria . the capital is also bouïra .
sabayon linux is a linux distribution based on gentoo .
the gänserndorf district is a district in the state of lower austria in austria .
hexaplex erythrostomus is a species of gastropod .
drowned in sound is an independent music webzine based in the united kingdom .
capu câmpului is a commune found in suceava county , romania .
there have been two types of british rail locomotive that have been allocated class 43 .
christchurch earthquake may refer to a number of earthquakes that affected christchurch , new zealand .
baja verapaz is a department in guatemala . the capital is salamá .
sanyo is a japanese electronics company . they specialise in home appliances .
westover hills is a town in the u.s. state of texas .
telefónica ( ) is a spanish broadband and telecommunications provider in europe and latin america .
a yard is a unit of length in some measuring systems.yard can also mean :
middleburg , virginia is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
san carlos is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in hidalgo county , texas .
irvington , virginia is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
medio campidano is a province in the autonomous region of sardinia in italy .
the following is a list of the 312 communes of the nièvre " département " , in france .
fully is a municipality in the district of martigny in the canton of valais in switzerland .
there are 1,374 cantons in bolivia.the cantons come after the municipalities .
chulipuram is a village in jaffna , sri lanka . its area is .
anicadu is a village in pathanamthitta district , kerala state , india .
matthias ginter is a german footballer who currently plays for borussia monchengladbach .
west crossett is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in the us state of arkansas .
aberfoyle is a village in scotland . it is in the stirling council area .
åge hareide is a former norwegian football player . he has played for norway national team .
chézy is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
henrique arlindo etges ( born 15 march 1966 ) is a former brazilian football player .
jorge worked in canal 13 until 2008 , when he joined tvn working in hijos del monte .
oberndorf is a municipality in the district of donau - ries in bavaria in germany .
in greek mythology , paean ( paeëon or paeon ) was the greek doctor of the gods .
sikka regency is a regency ( ) of the indonesian province of east nusa tenggara .
aerial acres is an unincorporated community in kern county , california . it is at an elevation of .
sofia wistam ( may 15 1966 ) is a swedish television host and radio talk show host .
raúl garcía ( born 11 july 1986 ) is a spanish football player . he plays for atlético madrid .
trujillo is a city in peru . it is the capital of la libertad region .
list of islands of japan may be grouped by type or location . japan is a country of islands .
quake usually means an earthquake , a shaking of the earth 's surface.quake can also mean :
lasson is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
karl wilhelm scheibler ( 1 september 1820 – 13 april 1881 ) was a german - polish industrialist .
riceville is a city in iowa in the united states . it is in howard and mitchell counties .
courgenay is a commune . it is in the yonne department in the center of france .
blaine county is the name of four counties in the united states which named after politician james g. blaine :
annville is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in jackson county , kentucky in the united states .
georgetown is a village in ohio in the united states . it is the county seat of brown county .
" free bird " is a rock anthem by the american rock band lynyrd skynyrd .
wood fuel is a type of energy that is burnt down to create energy , such as heat or light .
chandolas is a town and commune of the ardèche " département " , in the southern part of france .
isenthal is a municipality in the canton of uri in switzerland . it has an area of .
stallehr is a municipality in the district of bludenz in the austrian state of vorarlberg .
suhr is a municipality of the district of aarau of the canton of aargau in switzerland .
villecien is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
sommecaise is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
glow in the park parade is a parade that takes place every night during the summer months at six flags mexico .
jorge lópez montaña ( born 19 september 1978 ) is a spanish football player . he plays for real zaragoza .
greiz is a landkreis ( rural district ) in the east of thuringia , germany .
enzo maresca ( born 10 february 1980 ) is an italian football player . he plays for olympiacos .
meddle is the sixth studio album released by pink floyd . it was released on october 31 , 1971 .
system software are those software programs which are designed to operate , control and extend processing capabilities of the computer itself .
lignerolles is a commune . it is found in the allier department in the center of france .
wenslingen is a municipality of the district sissach in the canton of basel - landschaft in switzerland .
unterkulm is a municipality of the district of kulm in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
pike county is the name of ten counties in the united states : all were named to honor zebulon pike .
wittelsheim is a commune . it is in the haut - rhin department of eastern france .
javier portillo ( born 30 march 1982 ) is a spanish football player . he plays for osasuna .
siobhán emma donaghy ( born 14 june 1984 ) is an english singer . she was born in london .
bethlehem is a city in eastern pennsylvania close to allentown . it 's part of the lehigh valley region .
horst köppel ( born 17 may 1948 ) is a former german football player . he has played for germany national team .
for people who were born / raised in lawrence , kansas , and for people who lived in lawrence for a long time .
thenmala is a town of tourist attraction near punalur town , kollam district in kerala , india .
these are cities in the u.s. state of connecticut . population is from 2010 census data , where available .
natasha jane richardson ( 11 may 1963 – 18 march 2009 ) was a tony award - winning english stage and movie actress .
takuro nishimura ( born 15 august 1977 ) is a japanese football player . he plays for crystal palace baltimore .
tréglonou ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
sandslån is a locality in kramfors municipality in västernorrland county in sweden . in 2010 , 272 people lived there .
cenon is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
pierre womé ( born 26 march 1979 ) is a cameroonian football player . he plays for köln and cameroon national team .
villiers - sur - tholon is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
selhurst park is a football stadium in the london borough of croydon . it is home to crystal palace football club .
memmingen is a city in swabia in bavaria , germany . it is on the border to baden - württemberg .
thomas berthold ( born 12 november , 1964 ) is a former german football player . he has played for germany national team .
willy sagnol ( born 18 march 1977 ) is a former french football player . he has played for france national team .
barium peroxide is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is bao . it contains barium and peroxide ions .
kucha ( , ) was an ancient buddhist kingdom in xinjiang ( east turkestan ) . it was on the silk road .
lekeberg municipality ( ) is a municipality in örebro county in central sweden . the seat is in fjugesta .
degree of unsaturation ( dou ) is a way to figure out how many rings or double bonds are in a molecule .
saint - évarzec ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
cosne - d'allier is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
bessay - sur - allier is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
guerbigny is a commune . it is in the region picardie in the somme department in the north of france .
the following are people who were born , raised , or who gained significant prominence for living in u.s. state of new hampshire :
year 1020 ( mxx ) was a leap year starting on friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the julian calendar .
teloché is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
clifton is a city in the u.s. state of texas . it 's population is 3,348 in 2010 .
franco causio ( born 1 february , 1949 ) is a former italian football player . he has played for italy national team .
1600 penn is an american sitcom created by josh gad and former barack obama speechwriter , jon lovett for the nbc television network .
lost and found or lost property is when somebody loses something of theirs , lost and found items are kept so they can be given back .
fan zhiyi ( born 22 january 1970 ) is a former chinese football player . he has played for china pr national team .
sebastián battaglia ( born 8 november 1980 ) is an argentine football player . he plays for boca juniors and argentina national team .
fabio quagliarella ( born 31 january 1983 ) is an italian football player . he plays for juventus and italy national team .
cléden - poher ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
bussy - sur - moudon is a municipality in the broye - vully district in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
dayton is a city in yamhill county , oregon , united states . the population was 2,534 at the 2010 census .
eslourenties - daban is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
aurions - idernes is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
grandview heights is a city in franklin county , ohio , united states . the population was 6,536 at the 2010 census .
renato cunha valle ( born 5 december 1944 ) is a former brazilian football player . he has played for brazil national team .
christianization is when a country , nation or region changes their faith to christianity . it can be started when a local ruler is baptized .
michael learns to rock is a band from denmark with three ( formerly four ) members . they are , however , most popular in asia .
skittles are a type of sugar candy printed with the letter " s " . they were created in 1974 by a company in england .
playford is a village and civil parish in suffolk coastal , suffolk , england . in 2001 , there were 204 people living in playford .
démouville is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
frederick franklin ( 1840 – 1873 ) was a united states navy sailor . he received the medal of honor for actions during the 1871 korean campaign .
year 1280 ( mcclxxx ) was a leap year starting on monday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the julian calendar .
patrizio sala ( born 16 june , 1955 ) is a former italian football player . he has played for the italian national team .
feldbrunnen - st.niklaus is a municipality in the district lebern in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
steeple is a village and civil parish in maldon district , essex , england . in 2001 there were 450 people living in steeple .
mérignat is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
ryes is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
nicholas taylor and david wagner won in the final 6 - 1 , 6 - 7 ( 5 ) , 6 - 3 against johan andersson and peter norfolk .
sauguis - saint - étienne ( ) is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
jesse brown ( march 27 , 1944 – august 15 , 2002 ) was the united states secretary of veterans affairs under president bill clinton from 1993 to 1997 .
log driving means moving logs after they are cut down to a sawmill for more refining . logs were typically sent down a river or transported over land .
simmesport is a town in avoyelles parish , louisiana , united states . the population was 2,161 at the 2010 census .
thank you is the second studio album by british singer - songwriter jamelia . it was first released on 29 september 2003 by parlophone records .
the durrells is a british comedy - drama . it won the broadcasting press guild award for best actress in 2017 for keeley hawes .
newbiggin is a village and civil parish in eden , cumbria , england . in 2001 there were 96 people living in newbiggin .
laiz is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
fayette county is the name of eleven counties in the united states , each named for the marquis de lafayette , a frenchman who served in the american revolution :
freston is a village and civil parish in babergh , suffolk , england . in 2001 , there were 122 people living in freston .
melbourne is a city of florida in the united states . the city is close to atlantic ocean . melbourne is among many atlantic coastal cities within florida .
tesol ( teachers of english to speakers of other languages , inc. ) is a global education association for english language teachers who teach speakers of others languages .
bolozon is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
nébias is a commune of 246 people ( 2017 ) . it is in the region occitanie in the aude department in the south of france .
tactopods are members of a proposed clade of ecdysozoans called tactopoda . various studies support the tactopods .
dhankuta is a district in nepal . it is in the eastern development region . it 's headquarter is dhankuta .
eric djemba - djemba ( born 4 may 1981 ) is a cameroonian football player . he plays for odense and cameroon national team .
carmit bachar ( born september 4 , 1974 ) is an american singer , dancer and showgirl . she was a member of the pussycat dolls .
interstate 24 is an interstate highway in the united states . it goes from goreville , illinois southeast to east ridge , tennessee . the route is long .
spitalfields is an area in the london borough of tower hamlets . it is near brick lane . many immigrants went to live there in the past .
this is a list of national hockey league seasons since the first year of the league , and also of the league which turned into it , the national hockey association :
panama city is the capital of panama . 813,097 people live there . it is now a popular place for elderly people to retire .
saint - vincent - des - prés is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
oisseau - le - petit is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
this is a list of rivers in uruguay . tributaries are indented under each larger stream 's name . all rivers in uruguay drain to the atlantic ocean .
swinton is a town in the metropolitan borough of rotherham in south yorkshire , a county in england . 11,701 people lived in swinton in 2011 .
edmond malinvaud ( 25 april 1923 – 7 march 2015 ) was a french economist . he was the first president of the pontifical academy of social sciences .
kossuth is a village in alcorn county , mississippi , united states . as of the 2010 census , there were 209 people living in kossuth .
hiroshi umemura ( 1944 - 2019 ) is a japanese mathematician and honored professor at nagoya university . he is known for his works about algebraic geometry and differential equations .
sami gayle ( born january 22 , 1996 ) is an american actress . she co-stars as nicky reagan in the cbs series " blue bloods " .
uddingston is a village in south lanarkshire , scotland , on the north side of the river clyde , approximately seven miles to the south - east of glasgow .
woodstock is the shire town ( county seat ) of windsor county , vermont , united states . as of the 2010 census , the town population was 3,048 .
veer ( campaign ) is a non-profit campaign and clothing brand launched in gurugram , india . campaign was launched by salman khan 's with .
meadow lane is a stadium in nottingham england which is home to nottinghamshire county football club . the stadium was created in 1910 and was the second stadium nottinghamshire county played in .
emmanuel adebayor ( born 26 february 1984 ) is a togolese football player . he currently plays for english premier league club crystal palace and togo national team .
hesperange ( , ) is a commune in luxembourg . it is part of the canton of luxembourg.as of 2019 , 15,479 people live here .
chakotay is a character from the science fiction television show " " . he is kathryn janeway 's second - in - command on the starship voyager .
saint - samson , calvados is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
colleville - sur - mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
roëllecourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
monticello ( ) is a city next to the mississippi river in wright county , minnesota , united states . the population was 12,759 at the 2010 census .
the humerus is the upper forearm bone in tetrapods . it connects to the shoulder blade ( scapula ) at the upper end , and the elbow below .
la bella mafia is the third studio album by rapper lil ' kim , released march 4 , 2003 , on atlantic records . it was her third album to be certified platinum .
the mcintosh is a type of apple . it is red and green like a gala apple only brighter in color . tart and crisp , it snaps when bitten into .
saint - germain - de-livet is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
tingry is a commune . it is found in the nord - pas - de-calais region in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
where the red fern grows is a 1961 novel by american author wilson rawls . it is about the friendship between a boy and two redbone coonhound hunting dogs .
farid abedi ( born august 28 , 1977 in firouzabad ) is an iranian footballer . he currently plays for bargh shiraz in azadegan league .
ternat is a municipality in the belgian province of flemish brabant.in 2007 , 14765 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 52 north , 04 ° 10 east .
jacquerie was a large uprising in late medieval europe . it happened in 1358 , when french peasants were protesting heavy taxation in the oise valley north of paris .
almere is a city in the netherlands ( no city rights ) . it is in the province of flevoland and nearby amsterdam and has about 180,000 people .
mariano fortuny y madrazo , ( 11 may 1871 – 3 may 1949 ) was a spanish fashion designer who opened his couture house in 1906 and continued until 1946 .
colembert is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
according to iso 8601 , thursday is either the fourth or fifth day of the week . it comes after wednesday and before friday . thursday is named after the norse god thor .
coursan is a commune of 5,908 people ( 2017 ) . it is in the region occitanie in the aude department in the south of france .
the westerwaldkreis ( " district of westerwald " ) is a district ( " kreis " ) in the north - east of rhineland - palatinate , germany .
choctaw county is a county in the u.s. state of oklahoma . as of 2000 , 15,342 people lived there . its county seat is hugo .
oman uses gulf standard time ( gst ) ( utc +04:00 ) , like its neighbor united arab emirates . oman does not use daylight saving time ( dst ) .
henneveux is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
bosöns ik was a sports club in bosön in sweden . the club won the swedish women 's national volleyball championship in the years of 1962 , 1963 , 1964 samt 1966 and 1967 .
belleville is a city in republic county , kansas , united states . it is also the county seat of republic county . in 2010 , 1,991 people lived there .
mertesdorf is a municipality in the trier - saarburg district , in rhineland - palatinate , germany . as of 31 december 2018 , 1,688 people lived there .
page county is a county in the u.s. state of iowa . in the 2010 census , 15,932 people lived there . the county seat is clarinda .
there are sixty - seven counties of the commonwealth of pennsylvania in the united states of america . the city of philadelphia shares boundaries with philadelphia county , and governmental functions have been shared since 1854 .
an allusion is a figure of speech . it refers to a well - known story , event , person , or object in order to make a comparison in a person 's mind .
jeffrey scott " jeff " buckley ( november 17 , 1966 – may 29 , 1997 ) was an american singer and guitarist . his father was tim buckley . he was also a musician .
ratko janev ( ) ( march 30 , 1939 – december 31 , 2019 ) was a yugoslav - serbian atomic physicist . he was a member of the macedonian academy of sciences and arts .
shermine shahrivar ( ; born on 20 november 1982 ) is a german model and beauty pageant titleholder who won miss europe in 2005 . she was born in tehran , iran .
willis david " bill " gradison jr. ( born december 28 , 1928 ) is an american politician from ohio . he served in the united states house of representatives from 1975 to 1993 .
yuriy nikiforov ( born 16 september 1970 ) is a former ukrainian - russian football player . he has played for soviet union national team , ukraine national team and russia national team .
big stone county is a county in the u.s. state of minnesota . as of the 2010 census , 5,269 people lived there . the county seat is ortonville .
anna göldi ( or anna göldin , göldin is the female form of the name ) ( 24 october 1734 - 13 june 1782 ) was probably the last person in europe to be executed as a witch .
illapel is a chilean city ; it is the capital of the choapa province , coquimbo region . it is in the most narrow point of the country along a parallel , .
george county is a county found in the u.s. state of mississippi . as of the 2010 census , 22,578 people lived there . its county seat is lucedale .
colusa ( formerly colusi , colusi 's , koru and salmon bend ) is the county seat of colusa county , california . it is on the sacramento river .
prithvi is the name for the goddess of the earth in hinduism.the goddess prithvi is also called devi basundhara , mata dharitri and bhoomidevi .
love street was a scottish football stadium in paisley , glasgow . it was owned by st mirren f.c . who played their home games at the stadium . it closed in 2009 .
etna is a city in the scott valley area of siskiyou county , california , united states . the population was 737 at the 2010 census , down from 781 at the 2000 census .
jan zweyer , born 12 december 1953 in frankfurt am main , is a german writer . jan zweyer is only his name for writing , his real name is rüdiger richartz .
sargodha division ( ) is an administrative division of four districts of the punjab province of pakistanbefore october 1988 , divisional system was abolished by the reforms of 2000 the third tier of government .
cominform was an organisation set up in 1947 to coordinate the european communist parties . it was actually an organisation which enabled the communist party in the ussr to control the other communist parties in europe .
throckmorton county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 1,641 people lived there . the county seat is throckmorton .
roosevelt county is a county located in the u.s. state of new mexico . as of the 2010 census , the population was 19,846 . its county seat is portales .
belgian chocolate is amongst the most popular because of its qualities . 220,000 tons of chocolate is produced in the country of belgium . this is a lot of chocolate that is produced annually .
the volta river is a river which is mostly in ghana . it drains into the gulf of guinea and atlantic ocean . it has three main tributaries the black volta , white volta and red volta .
rieux - minervois is a commune of 1,987 people ( 2017 ) . it is in the region occitanie in the aude department in the south of france .
saint - aignan - sur - roë is a commune of 926 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
edge of honor is a 1991 thriller movie directed by michael spence . it starred corey feldman , don swayze , meredith salenger , and scott reeves . it is rated r by the mpaa .
anna molka ahmed ( 1917 – 1994 ) was a pakistani artist , art writer and poet who played a major role in starting the department of fine arts at the university of the punjab , lahore , pakistan .
sint - martens - latem is a municipality in the belgian province of east flanders.in 2007 , 8256 people lived there.it is at 51 ° 01 north , 03 ° 38 east .
entrechaux is a commune of 869 people ( 1999 ) . it is in the provence - alpes - côte d'azur region in the vaucluse department in south france .
ufc 152 : jones vs. belfort was a mixed martial arts pay - per - view event held by the ultimate fighting championship on september 22 , 2012 at the air canada centre in toronto , ontario , canada .
korsholm ( ) is a municipality in western finland . it was founded in 1606 . it is in the ostrobothnia region . most of the people living there speak swedish .
sony pictures , formerly columbia tristar motion picture group , is a movie production and distribution company owned by sony corporation , known for owning columbia pictures , tristar pictures , screen gems pictures , and affirm films .
louis vii , called the younger or the young ( ; 1120 – 18 september 1180 ) , was king of france from 1137 until his death . he was the son and successor of louis vi .
rolf harris , ( born 30 march 1930 ) is an australian musician , singer - songwriter , composer , painter , actor , former television personality and former swimmer . he was in prison for sexually assaulting girls .
traffic cones ( also called road cones , safety cones or pylons ) are cone - shaped markers , usually made from plastic , that are put on roads to temporarily redirect automobile traffic in a safe manner .
chattahoochee county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia . as of the 2010 census , 11,267 people lived there . the county seat is cusseta .
kim zmeskal ( born february 6 , 1976 in houston ) is a retired gymnast . she went up against shannon miller during the 1992 summer olympics but was beaten.zmeskal retired from gymnastics in 2000 .
herc 's adventures is a puzzle video game released for the playstation and the sega saturn by lucasarts entertainment in 1997 . while the playstation release was international , the sega saturn version was exclusive to north america .
minidoka county is a county in the u.s. state of idaho . as of the 2010 census , 20,069 people lived there . the county seat and largest city is rupert .
killing me softly is a studio album by american singer - songwriter roberta flack . it was released on august 1 , 1973 by atlantic records . flack recorded the album with producer joel dorn for 18 months .
a survivor is a person or animal which continues to live after something happens which might have killed them . they might be one person who lives when ten people die in a car crash.survivor could also mean :
berlencourt - le - cauroy is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
strausberg is a town in brandenburg , germany . it is located 30 km east of berlin . with a population of 25,594 it is the largest town in the district of märkisch - oderland .
bonnieux is a commune of 1,417 people ( 1999 ) . it is in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
the zastava m84 is a general purpose machine gun made from yugoslavia during the 1980s and is currently manufactured from serbia . the m84 is a copy of the soviet pkm general purpose machine gun .
warsaw is a town in wyoming county , in the u.s. state of new york . the population was 5,064 at the 2010 census . the town may have been named after warsaw , poland .
ullared is a locality in falkenberg municipality in halland county in sweden . in 2010 , 791 people lived there . the locality is wellknown for housing the department store of gekås .
leopold von ranke ( 21 december 1795 – 23 may 1886 ) was a german historian . modern history writing is greatly influenced by him . he made focusing on primary sources and international relations in history writing , popular .
bamburgh castle is a castle on the coast at bamburgh , northumberland . it is a grade i listed building . during ww2 the royal navy ship hms " bamborough castle " was named after it .
the arrondissement of avallon is an arrondissement of france . it is part of the yonne " département " in the bourgogne - franche - comté region . its capital is the city of avallon .
namborn is a municipality in the district of sankt wendel in the state of saarland , germany.namborn is north of sankt wendel . it is southwest of idar - oberstein .
astrid anna emilia lindgren , born astrid ericsson , ( november 14 , 1907 - january 28 , 2002 ) was a famous swedish writer . she wrote many books for children . she had a son named lars .
the lamborghini murciélago is a sports car that was built by lamborghini from 2001 to 2010 . the murciélago is named after the fighting bull . the murciélago was succeeded by the lamborghini aventador .
the co-operative party is a small socialist political party , in the united kingdom . its candidates must be members of the labour party as well , and stand as " labour and co-operative party " candidates .
" ganbareh " is a 2002 song by the german dj group sash ! . it is the first single from their fourth studio album " s4 ! sash ! " which was released on 24 june 2002 .
affoltern district ( also known as knonaueramt or säuliamt ) is one of the twelve districts of the german - speaking canton of zürich , switzerland . its capital is affoltern am albis .
jacksonville university is a private university in jacksonville , florida , united states . the university has about 3,600 students . it was founded in 1934 . the current president of the university is kerry d. romesburg .
habitants were the farmers of new france . they admired many things in first nations ' cultures and adopted some of their skills and technologies . the habitants were hard working people who moved and lived in new france to farm .
48 is a year in the 1st century . it was a leap year starting on monday of the julian calendar . at the time , it was known as the year of the consulship of vitellius and poplicola .
carnivoramorpha are a clade of mammals that includes the modern order carnivora . it is basal to the carnivora but does not include the creodonts , which are a separate order .
sidney haight ( august 21 , 1847 – september 17 , 1918 ) was a soldier in the united states army during the american civil war . he received the medal of honor , the highest honor of the u.s. military .
thomas p. tiffany ( born december 30 , 1957 ) is an american businessman and politician . he was the u.s. representative for wisconsin 's 7th congressional district since 2020 . he is a member of the republican party .
gethsemane is a garden at the foot of the mount of olives . it is most famous for being the place where jesus and his disciples are said to have prayed the night before jesus ' crucifixion .
the hochtaunuskreis is a " kreis " ( district ) in the middle of hesse , germany . it is part of the frankfurt / rhine - main metropolitan region.the taunus mountains cover the district .
simpson county is a county in the u.s. state of kentucky . as of the 2010 census , the population was 17,327 . its county seat is franklin . it is in the pennyroyal plateau region .
robert jack windham ( born november 26 , 1942 in sweetwater , texas - april 7 , 2016 ) better known by his ring name , blackjack mulligan , was a retired american professional wrestler , author and former american football player .
barbro lindgren , born 18 march 1937 , is a swedish children 's books writer . in 2004 , she was awarded the hans christian andersen award . in 2004 , she was awarded the astrid lindgren memorial award .
tamaqua is a borough in schuylkill county , pennsylvania , united states . it also has public schools . in 2017 , almost 6,705 people were in tamaqua . it was founded in 1832 .
the blossoms were a popular girl group during the 1960s . they sang r & b , pop and rock . the group had many hit songs and records . darlene love often sang with them.the blossoms broke up in 1990 .
ungulates ( meaning roughly " hoofed " or " hoofed animal " ) are several groups of mammals most of which use the tips of their toes , usually hoofed , to sustain their whole body weight whilst moving .
tagetes is a genus of flowers commonly called marigold . tagetes has 56 species of plants in the sunflower family ( asteraceae or compositae ) . the genus is native to north and south america .
melissa mcbride ( born may 23 , 1965 near lexington , kentucky ) is an american movie and tv actress and casting director . she has performed in many television programs and movies . she plays carol peletier in " the walking dead " .
the corruption perceptions index is an index that shows how corrupt certain countries are . finland has been the least corrupt nation eight times , while somalia has been the most corrupt nation six times . all the information on this page is from transparency international .
release the stars is an album by canadian - american singer and songwriter rufus wainwright . it was produced by marius de vries and released in 2007 . other musicians on the album are richard thompson , teddy thompson and kate mcgarrigle .
amarillo is a city in the u.s. state of texas . it is in the northern part of texas . the city 's economy is mostly based on cattle . in 2000 , 173,627 people lived there .
a unary function is a function that takes just a single argument . in contrast , a function that takes more than one argument is called a polyadic function.this description of a function 's arguments is known as its arity .
longues - sur - mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . the wehrmacht constructed a series of concrete bunkers here during world war 2 .
guy rupert berryman ( born 12 april 1978 ) is a scottish guitarist . he is a member of the rock band coldplay . he is known as the bass guitarist for the band and is left - handed but plays with his right hand .
zdeněk hajný ( 30 january 1942 – 1 march 2014 ) was a czech painter , graphic artist and psychologist . in 1994 , he founded galerie cesty ke světlu . he was born in vsetín , zlín region , czechoslovakia.hajný died on 1 march 2014 .
the prime minister of the united republic of tanzania is the leader of government business in the national assembly . the position works closely with the president , the head of government.the functions and powers of the prime minister are described in the constitution of tanzania :
new lebanon is a town in columbia county , new york , united states . it is about southeast of albany . in 1910 , 1,378 people lived in new lebanon . the population was 2,305 at the 2010 census .
washington county is a county located in the u.s. state of maine . as of the 2010 census , its population was 32,856 , making it the third - least populous county in maine . its county seat is machias .
siti musdah mulia ( born march 3 , 1958 in bone , south sulawesi selatandari ) is an indonesian professor of religion and an activist for women 's rights . in 2007 she received the international women of courage award .
shirley ann manson ( born 26 august 1966 ) is a scottish singer , songwriter , musician and actress . she was born in edinburgh . she is best known for being the main singer of the rock band garbage . they have released five albums .
granzymes are enzymes contained within cytotoxic t cells and natural killer cells . these substances are used to destroy virus - infected cells.granzyme secretion can be detected and measured using the elispot and elisa techniques .
meyer harris " mickey " cohen ( september 4 , 1913 – july 29 , 1976 ) was an american gangster who worked in los angeles . he was part of the jewish mafia , and also had strong ties to the american mafia from the 1930s through 1960s .
belleville - sur - vie is a former commune . it is found in the pays de la loire region in the vendée department in the west of france . on 1 january 2016 , it became a part of the new commune of bellevigny .
white county is a county located in the u.s. state of arkansas . as of the 2010 census , the population was 77,076 . the county seat is searcy . it was founded on october 23 , 1835 .
the university of akron is a public , coeducational university in akron , ohio . the university has about 29,251 students . it was founded in 1870 . the current president of the university is luis m. proenza .
the prime minister of kyrgyzstan is the head of government of kyrgyzstan . until 2010 , the president was in a stronger position than the prime minister in kyrgyzstan.after the 2010 constitutional referendum , the state became a parliamentary system , creating greater power in parliament .
linda marion dessau ( born 8 may 1953 ) has been the governor of victoria since 1 july 2015 . she is the first female and the first jewish holder of the office.she was a judge of the family court of australia from 1995 to 2013 .
the cathedral of teruel is a church in teruel , aragon , spain . it belongs to st. mary . it is a notable example of mudéjar architecture . since 1986 , it has been part of the unesco heritage site mudéjar architecture of aragon .
vox is a japanese owned company that makes musical equipment . they are known for their guitar amplifiers , organs , bass guitars and electric guitars . the company was first created in kent , england . it was sold to the japanese company korg in 1992 .
hoscheid ( ) is a former commune in luxembourg . it was part of the canton of diekirch.on 1 january 2012 , the commune was merged with consthum and hosingen to form the new commune of parc hosingen .
the tanoli is a pashtuntribe in the khyber pakhtunkhwa , pakistan , and some eastern part of afghanistan.the tanoli tribe is also known as tanokhel in afghanistan and belong from ghilji confederation of pashtun .
the family campanulaceae ( also bellflower family ) , of the order asterales , contains about 70 genera and 2000 species , you are probably familiar with bellflowers and cardinal flower and think of these as a group of small herbaceous flowers .
the rebel is a television series . it aired on abc from 1959 to 1961 . it starred nick adams as johnny yuma . the series was about an ex-confederate soldier wandering through the post-civil war west in search of peace .
the arrondissement of aurillac is an arrondissement of france . it is part of the cantal " département " in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region . its capital , and préfecture of the department , is the city of aurillac .
olive ann alcorn ( october 2 , 1900 – january 8 , 1972 ) was an american dancer , model , and silent movie actress of the 1910s and 1920s . she was known for the many nude photographs of her from the era than for her movie work .
managani festival is a world renowned festival celebrated in karaikal city . it is celebrated in the memory lord bikshantar who will be provided food by karaikal ammaiyar , that is amuthu padayal in tamil .
roach 's mouse - tailed dormouse ( or simply ' mouse - tailed dormouse ' ) is " myomimus roachi " , a species of dormouse in the gliridae family . it is found in bulgaria , greece , and turkey .
the 1935 – 36 nhl season was the 19th season of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . eight teams each played 48 games . the detroit red wings were the stanley cup winners as they beat the toronto maple leafs three games to one in the final series .
, also called ifuri , was a old province of japan on the island of hokkaido . the history of the province started in 1869 and ended in 1882 . the boundaries of this ancient province are generally mirrored in what is today called iburi subprefecture .
a lifeguard is a person on the beach or at a public pool who shows people the correct way of using the water facility and stops accidents from happening . they are trained in rescue situations . lifeguards are usually found at most public pools and lakes .
the arrondissement of mont - de-marsan is an arrondissement of france . it is part of the landes " département " in the nouvelle - aquitaine region . its capital , and prefecture of the department , is the city of mont - de-marsan .
salzwedel ( officially known as hansestadt salzwedel ) is a town in the german state of saxony - anhalt . it is the capital of the district of altmarkkreis salzwedel.it has about 21,500 people .
zvečan is a town in north kosovo , serbia , near kosovska mitrovica . , about 16,600 people lived there . the town was first mentioned at the time of border disputes between serbia and the byzantine empire between 1091 and 1094 .
michael michele ( born august 30 , 1966 near evansville , indiana ) is an american television and movie actress . she played selina in the 1991 movie " new jack city " . she acted in the medical drama " er " and in " gossip girl " .
thallium ( i ) sulfate , also known as thallous sulfate , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is tlso . it has thallium and sulfate ions in it . the thallium is in its +1 oxidation state .
jed carlson lowrie ( born april 17 , 1984 ) is an american professional baseball player . lowrie 's team is the oakland athletics . lowrie mainly plays the position shortstop . in the past , he also played for the boston red sox and houston astros .
oak creek is a township of saunders county , in the state of nebraska , in the united states . 949 people were living in the township of oak creek as of 2000 , says the 2000 census . the village of valparaiso can be found in oak creek .
arkansas county is a county of the u.s. state of arkansas . as of the 2010 census , the population was 19,019 . the county has two county seats , de witt and stuttgart . arkansas county was founded on december 13 , 1813 .
the 2016 united states presidential election in connecticut was held on 8 november 2016 . it was part of the 2016 united states presidential election , in which all other states plus the district of columbia voted.in the presidential election , hillary clinton defeated donald trump and received 7 electoral votes .
bloomington , minnesota is a suburb of minneapolis , minnesota and saint paul , minnesota . it is south from minneapolis and southwest from st. paul . it is the third largest city in minnesota . bloomington is probably best known for being the site of the mall of america .
backlash ( 2008 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view show made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) . it was held on april 27 , 2008 at the 1st mariner arena in baltimore , maryland . it was the tenth backlash event held by the wwe .
" single ladies ( put a ring on it ) " - is a song by american r & b singer beyoncé knowles . it was written by the - dream , tricky stewart and beyoncé knowles for her third solo album , " i am ... sasha fierce " ( 2008 ) .
alexandra dahlström ( born february 12 , 1984 ) is a swedish actress . she was born in gävle , sweden , and grew up in stockholm . her mother is russian , and her father swedish . she speaks swedish , russian , french , german , english , and italian .
bernard greenhouse ( born 3 january 1916 ; died 13 may 2011 ) was an american cellist . he was particularly famous for playing chamber music and was one of the original members of the beaux arts trio ( a group of three musicians : a pianist , violinist and cellist ) .
stanley is a city in the buchanan and fayette counties in the u.s. state of iowa . there were 128 people living in stanley as of the year 2000 . the city has an area of 0.2 square miles , thanks to the united states census bureau .
laigné is a former commune of 674 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2018 , it was merged into the new commune of prée - d'anjou .
campandré - valcongrain is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune les monts d'aunay .
santaworld ( ) is a santa claus - based theme park . it is based upon the myth that sweden is the place for santa 's workshop . it is located on the gesunda mountain south of mora in sweden . it was opened on 8 december 1984 .
baker city is a city in and the county seat of baker county , oregon , united states . it was named after edward d. baker , the only u.s . senator ever killed in military combat . the population was 9,828 at the 2010 census .
buangkok mrt station ( ne15 ) is a mrt station in sengkang , singapore . it opened on 15 january 2006 . it opened after the public wanted it to be opened . it is part of the north east mrt line .
eddie august schneider ( october 20 , 1911 – december 23 , 1940 ) set the transcontinental airspeed record for pilots under the age of twenty - one in 1930 . when he received his pilot 's license , he was the youngest licensed pilot in the united states .
fleet street is a road in central london . it used to be where newspapers were made , before they moved east to wapping.the street already existed in the 14th century . it connected the city of london to westminster . it takes its name from the river fleet .
shelby is a city in montana in the united states . it is the county seat of toole county . as of the 2010 united states census , there were 3,376 people living there.amtrak , the national passenger rail system , provides daily service to shelby .
porta westfalica is a city of the district of minden - lübbecke in the german state of north rhine - westphalia . it has about 37,000 inhabitants.the name " " porta westfalica " " is latin and means " gate to westphalia " .
gotham ( also richland city ) is an unincorporated census - designated place , in the town of buena vista , in richland county , wisconsin , united states . it is located about an hour west of madison , wisconsin . as of the 2010 census , its population was 191 .
chesterton community sports college is a school in newcastle - under - lyme . it has received very good gcse results . there are 5 periods in a day , all one hour each way . break time is fifteen minutes . lunch is fifty - five minutes .
wes durham is a radio sports announcer . he currently calls games for the atlanta falcons , and for georgia tech yellow jackets football , men 's basketball , and baseball teams . he is the son of former north carolina tarheels football and men 's basketball announcer woody durham .
dzsenifer marozsán ( born 18 april 1992 in budapest , hungary ) is a german association football midfielder . she currently plays for 1 . ffc frankfurt and the germany women 's national football team . she is the daughter of hungarian association football player , jános marozsán .
emily bishop is a fictional character in the british itv soap opera , " coronation street " . she is portrayed by eileen derbyshire . the character is the longest - standing female character in the serial . she first appeared on - screen during an episode which aired on 27 january 1961 .
santiago de los caballeros , or santiago for short , is a dominican city and the head municipality of the santiago , in the north central region of the country . by its population and economic activity , it is the second-most important city in the country , after santo domingo .
tekken 6 is a fighting video game made by namco . it was released in japanese arcades on november 26 , 2007 . it was released on playstation 3 and xbox 360 on october 27 , 2009 . it was released on the playstation portable on november 24 , 2009 .
university of the punjab is a public university located in lahore , punjab , pakistan . it was established in 1882 and is the oldest university in pakistan . the university is spread over an area of . it is affiliated with the higher education commission of pakistan and the pakistan engineering council .
a sports agent is a person who represents a sportsperson in finance and contracts . the sports agent negotiates the contracts for an athlete 's salary . the agent gets part of the athletes pay . also , they are responsible for making recommendations about the athlete 's options .
ellen muth ( born march 6 , 1981 ) is an american actress . she played young selena st. george in the movie " dolores claiborne " . she also played katie trumbull in " margarine wars " . muth was born in milford , connecticut .
hector lopéz alonso ( born august 19 , 1979 in reinosa , cantabria ) is a swimmer from spain . he has a physical disability : he is an s2 type swimmer . he raced at the 2000 summer paralympics . he finished first in the 50 meter backstroke race .
in cryptography , a key distribution center ( kdc ) is part of a cryptosystem intended to minimize the risks of exchanging keys and shared secrets.kdcs often operate in systems when some users may have permission to use certain resources at some times but not at any times .
abswurmbachite is a black or dark brown metallic mineral . it is named after irmgard abs - wurmbach , who is a german mineralogist . it is found in mili , avia or andros island , greece . it is not radioactive .
hobosapiens is the fourteenth studio album by welsh multi-instrumentalist john cale , former member of the velvet underground . it was released in october 2003 as his first full - length album on emi records label . the producers are john cale and nick franglen .
vyacheslav leonidovich voynov ( ; born january 15 , 1990 ) is a russian ice hockey defenceman . he currently plays for the los angeles kings of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he is currently suspended indefinitely from the national hockey league ( nhl ) .
the boeing international headquarters ( colloquially known as the boeing building and formerly known as the morton international building ) is a 36 - floor skyscraper located in the near west side of chicago . the building has been made the corporate headquarters for boeing , which decided in 2001 to move to chicago from seattle .
final fantasy vii is a 1997 role - playing video game developed by square for the playstation console.it is widely renowned as one of the most influential role - playing games to date and is the best - selling game in the series . " final fantasy vii remake " released in april 2020 .
walking tall is an american action movie with " the rock " , also known as dwayne johnson , starring in it . it is set in kitsap county , washington . the main character carries a 2x4 piece of wood and uses it as a weapon against the bad guys .
bhimber ( ) is the southernmost of the eight districts of azad kashmir , the district is between latitude : 32 - 48 to 33 - 34 and longitude : 73.55 to 74 - 45 , and has an area of 1516 km ² . the chief town is bhimber
the took place on 24 september 1877 , in kagoshima , japan . it was the final battle of the satsuma rebellion against the imperial japanese army . the battle ended in the death of the revolt 's leader , saigō takamori , and the destruction of his army .
my mad fat diary is a british comedy - drama television series . it started on 14 january 2013 on e4 . it is based on the book " my fat , mad teenage diary " by rae earl . the second series started on 17 february 2014 and ended on 31 march 2014 .
sirdavidia is a genus of plant of the family annonaceae . the genus only has one species , sirdavidia solanonna.this rare plant from gabon attracts bees . its name comes from david attenborough , a bbc journalist and author of many naturalist documentaries .
stealing beauty is a 1996 romantic drama movie . the story is about an american teenage girl who travels to a tuscan countryside and whose mother has committed suicide . liv tyler plays lucy harmon . the reviews were mixed . this movie was released in late june 1996 in the united states .
coles supermarkets is an australian supermarket chain owned by wesfarmers ( coles group before it was taken over on 23 november 2007 ) . with over 750 stores nationally and more than 60,000 employees , coles currently has the second - biggest market share behind woolworths supermarkets .
ontario highway 101 is a provincial highway in ontario , canada . it starts at highway 17 near wawa . it goes east to the quebec boarder . it also meets highway 11 and go through timmins . it is long . it travels through mostly unpopulated areas .
the toyota supra was a sports car made by toyota from 1979 until 2002 . the supra was called the celica supra until 1986 , when it became a separate model . toyota stopped selling the supra in the united states in 1998 and canada in 1995 .
sergei borisovich ivanov ( ; born 31 january 1953 ) is a russian politician who is special representative of the president of the russian federation on the issues of environmental activities , environment and transport since 12 august 2016 . he served as a minister of defense of russia from 28 march 2001 to 15 february 2007 .
italian neorealism describes a movement in italian cinema . films such as rome , open city and bicycle thieves , from the 1940s , were filmed in the streets rather than a studio and told stories about poor people living difficult lives . among neorealists are michelangelo antonioni and federico fellini .
" mr. know it all " is a breakup song by kelly clarkson , released in september 2011 . its theme focuses on people that think as though they know it all , but do n't really know anything . " mr. know it all " is among many hit songs from clarkson .
craig ' 133 ' jones also known as 133 ( or 133 mhz ) , the silent one , or by his number # 5 , ( born on february 11 , 1973 ) , is an american musician . he is best known as the sampler and keyboard player of the metal band , slipknot .
calfreisen is a former municipality of the district plessur in the swiss canton of graubünden.on 1 january 2013 the former municipalities of calfreisen , castiel , langwies , lüen , molinis , peist and st. peter - pagig merged into the municipality of arosa .
the caryophyllaceae , commonly called the pink family or carnation family , is a family of flowering plants . the species are dicotyledons included in the order caryophyllales . it is a large family , with 88 genera and some 2,000 species .
hungry eyes is a song recorded by american singer eric carmen . it was featured in 1987 movie " dirty dancing " . the song peaked at number four on the us hot 100 and number two on the adult contemporary tracks . the song is a rock ballad and has been covered by many artists worldwide .
poygan is a town in winnebago county of the state of wisconsin in the united states . 1,037 people were living in poygan as of the 2000 census . poygan has a total area of 41.9 square miles , says the united states census bureau .
the top 100 crime novels of all time is a list published in 1990 by the crime writers ' association ( cwa ) . five years later , the mystery writers of america ( mwa ) published a similar list named the top 100 mystery novels of all time . many titles can be found in both lists .
selenium tetrachloride , also selenious chloride , selenous chloride , or selenium ( iv ) chloride , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is secl . it contains selenium in its +4 oxidation state . it also contains chloride ions .
dornbirn is the largest city in vorarlberg , austria . about 48,000 people are living there ( 2006 ) . dornbirn has six districts named markt , hatlerdorf , oberdorf , haselstauden , rohrbach and schoren .
the 1944 great atlantic hurricane was a severe tropical cyclone . the entire u.s. atlantic seaboard was affected in september 1944 . the hurricane struck several states from north carolina to new york and central new england . the storm killed 300 - 400 people . it caused $ 100 million in damage .
jakob gijsbert " jaap " de hoop scheffer ( ; born 3 april 1948 ) is a retired dutch politician and diplomat . he is a member of the christian democratic appeal ( cda ) . he served as the 11th secretary general of nato from 5 january 2004 until 1 august 2009 .
william thomas hart ( born february 4 , 1929 ) is an american politician and lawyer . he was a senior united states district judge of the united states district court for the northern district of illinois . he was made a judge in 1982 by president ronald reagan . hart was born in joliet , illinois .
krzysztof krauze ( 2 april 1953 – 24 december 2014 ) was a polish movie director , screenwriter , photographer and cinematographer . he was best known for his 1999 thriller " debt " . krauze died at the age of 61 from prostate cancer on 24 december 2014 in warsaw , poland .
goif fram is a sports club in the town of jönköping in sweden . it was established in 1921 . it played in the swedish men 's handball top division during the 1939 - 1940 season . the club later became more focused on bowling . the bowling section was established on 1 april 1960 .
teulada ( " teulàda " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sud sardegna in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 3,604 people lived there . its area is 246.19 km ² . it is 50 meters above sea level .
hurricane erin struck florida twice : the eastern side and the panhandle region in the 1995 atlantic hurricane season . the storm also struck alabama . it was not a very severe storm , though the damage caused by erin was over $ 700 million . despite the damage , the name erin did not get retired .
live can be a verb . it rhymes with " give " . " to live " means " to be alive " ( and not dead ) . if you live , then you have life.it can be used in a general way : live can be an adjective . it rhymes with " five " .
eugène ysaÿe ( 16 july 1858 – 12 may 1931 ) was a belgian violinist , composer and conductor . he was born in liège . he was called " the king of the violin " , or , as nathan milstein put it , the " tzar " . his brother was pianist and composer théo ysaÿe .
kenneth wilfred baker , baron baker of dorking , ( born 3 november 1934 ) is a british politician . he is a former conservative member of parliament and cabinet minister . he served for the offices of home secretary , education secretary and conservative party chairman . he is a life member of the tory reform group .
dommartin was a municipality in the gros - de-vaud district in the canton of vaud in switzerland . on 1 july 2011 the municipalities of dommartin , naz , poliez - le - grand and sugnens joined together to become the new municipality of montilliez .
a blast injury is a wound caused by direct or indirect exposure to an explosive blast . physical blast injuries are divided into four categories , with a fifth for secondary illnesses caused by the blast , and a sixth category for the effects of associated post-blast psychological trauma such as post traumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) .
power transmission is moving energy from where it is made to where it is used.power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time.in si units : 1 watt = 1 joule / s = 1 newton * metre / second ( 1w = 1j / s = 1n · m / s ) .
the junior eurovision song contest 2007 was the fifth edition of the contest . it took place at the ahoy ' indoor sporting arena in rotterdam , the netherlands on 8 december 2007 , dutch broadcaster avro was the host broadcaster for the event . the motto for the contest was " " make a big splash " " .
kalām ( , literally " speech " or " words " ) is the islamic discipline of seeking theological knowledge through dialectic ( debate and argument ) . it also promotes prudence and logical reasoning . a practitioner of kalām is called a " mutakallim " ( plural " mutakallimiin " ) .
the 1993 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1993 , and lasted until november 30 , 1993 . storms can form outside these dates . tropical depression one , for example , formed on may 31 . this season had low activity with only 8 storms . four became hurricanes and 1 became a major hurricane .
mikołaj kubica ( 27 october 1945 – 19 july 2020 ) was a polish gymnast . he competed at the 1964 summer olympics , the 1968 summer olympics and the 1972 summer olympics . he was born in niedobczyce , poland.kubica died on 19 july 2020 , aged 74 .
pré - en - pail is a former commune of 2 128 people ( 2004 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of pré - en - pail - saint - samson .
grace dieu was the flagship of king henry v of england and one of the largest ships of her time . it was launched in 1418 . the ship sailed only sailed on one voyage after which it was kept anchored in the river hamble . the ship was burned in 1439 after being struck by lightning .
dhayam is a indian tamil movie written and directed by kannan rangaswamy . the film was theatrical released on 24th march 2017 . a. r. s. sunder is the producer of the movie . music composed by sathish selvam and cinematography by a. packiaraj .
the guess who is a canadian rock band . they formed in winnipeg in 1963 and broke up in 1975 . their best known songs include , " american woman " , " share the land " , " no time " , and " these eyes " . the band was inducted into the canadian music hall of fame in 1987 .
wesley allison clark ( april 27 , 1927 – february 22 , 2016 ) was an american computer designer . he created the linc computer , which was the first mini-computer and shares with a number of other computers ( such as the pdp - 1 ) the claim to be the inspiration for the personal computer .
birmingham is the biggest city in the u.s. state of alabama , with about 230,000 people living in it . it is the county seat of jefferson county . its metropolitan area has over 1 million people living in it . the city has an area of about and an elevation of above sea level .
rezső bálint ( october 22 , 1874 – may 23 , 1929 ) was a hungarian neurologist and psychiatrist . he discovered bálint 's syndrome.bálint studied medicine in budapest , graduating in 1897 . he habilitated in 1910 , became extraordinary professor in 1914 and full professor in 1917 . he died of thyroid cancer in 1929 .
tracy edwards is a sailboat racer . in 1989 she organized an 12 - woman crew to participate in the " whitbread round the world race " . it was rare for women to sail in those days . the duration of this race was nine months.a documentary called " maiden " was made about the race .
quarten is a municipality in sarganserland in the canton of st. gallen , switzerland . it is above lake walen and is divided into villages : oberterzen , unterterzen , quarten , quinten , mols , murg , and tannenbodenalp .
iran is divided into 31 provinces ( persian : استان " ostān " , plural استان‌ها " ostānhā " ) . each is ruled from a local center . these local centers can usually be found in the biggest local city , called the capital ( persian : مرکز " markaz " ) of that province .
good luck chuck is a 2007 romantic comedy movie starring jessica alba and dane cook . the story of the movie is chuck is a " good luck charm " lover . that is , women will find their " one true love " after having sex with him . he then meets a girl who he thinks is his true love .
fotbal club rapid bucurești is a romanian association football club from bucharest , romania . it was founded in 1923 by a group of workers . rapid won the romanian championship three times ( 1967 , 1999 and 2003 ) and the romanian cup 13 times . in the 2015 – 16 season , they were promoted to liga i .
hof is a german city in the north of franconia . the next bigger cities are coburg , bayreuth and chemnitz . the population of hof is 44,000 . it is surrounded by , but not part of , the district of hof , so it has its own local council .
jon heidenreich is an american retired wrestler . he is best known for his time with world wrestling entertainment.prior to professional wrestling , heidenreich played american football . he played in the canadian football league for the shreveport pirates . he also played for the frankfurt galaxy of nfl europa in 1997 .
field marshal abdel rahman suwar al - dahab ( otherwise known as suwar al - dahab or al - dahab ; 1934 – 18 october 2018 ) ( ) was the president of sudan from 6 april 1985 , to 6 may 1986 . he died on 18 october 2018 in riyadh , saudi arabia , aged 83 .
moon hee - sang ( korean : 문희상 ; hanja : 文喜相 ; born 3 march 1945 ) is a south korean politician . he is a member of the national assembly and was the interim leader of new politics alliance for democracy from 2014 to 2015 . on 13 july 2018 , he was elected as the new speaker of the national assembly .
the hallertau or holledau is an area in bavaria , germany . it is the biggest hop - planting area in the world . the hop is a plant which grows in the temperate ( " mild " ) climate zones of the northern hemisphere . the female flowers , called hops , are used for making beer .
cancer ( ) is one of the twelve constellations of the zodiac . the name is latin for crab . its symbol is ( ) . cancer is small and the stars are dim . it is between gemini to the west and leo to the east , lynx to the north and canis minor and hydra to the south .
helena is the eastern portion of helena - west helena , arkansas , a city in phillips county , arkansas.as of the 2000 census , this portion of the city population was 6,323 . helena was the county seat of phillips county until january 1 , 2006 , when it merged its government and city limits with neighboring west helena .
the river shannon is the longest river in ireland . it runs mainly in a north / south direction , dividing ireland geographically between east and west . it is thought to rise in shannon pot in county cavan , and enters the sea in the shannon estuary at limerick . the river represents a major physical barrier between east and west .
the spongebob movie : sponge on the run is an 2020 american computer animated / live action comedy - adventure children 's film based on nickelodeon 's " spongebob squarepants " . the movie will be shown in theaters on august 14 , 2020 in canada . it will be released online on january 29 , 2021 .
burnout paradise is the seventh video game of the burnout series made by criterion games . it was released in january 2008 for playstation 3 and xbox 360 and on february 5 , 2009 on microsoft windows . it was also released on the playstation store in september 2008 . it has an open world set in the fictional paradise city .
kajol devgn ( née mukherjee ) ( born 5 august 1974 ) , better known as kajol is an indian actress who appearing in bollywood and tamil movies . she has received six filmfare awards . in 2011 , she was awarded the padma shri , india 's fourth - highest civilian award by the government of india .
3 -1-1 is a special telephone number used for non-emergency call to municipal services . it is used in several cities in canada and the united states . 3 -1-1 was created to receive many of the calls which commonly were made to 9 -1-1 which were common questions and not emergencies .
the east midlands is one of the regions of england and is the eastern half of the midlands.the counties of derbyshire , staffordshire , leicestershire , rutland , northamptonshire , nottinghamshire and most of lincolnshire belong to this region.the highest point in the region is kinder scout , in derbyshire at 2,088 ft ( 636 m ) .
in music , a riff is an ostinato ; a repeated chord progression , pattern , or melody , often played by rhythmic instruments . the riff is the base of the musical composition . they are most common in rock music , funk , and jazz.some of famous riffs in rock music can be found in the following songs :
stoichiometry is a branch of science that studies and measures the amount of matter in chemical reactions . it can be used to predict the amount of things that will be made in a chemical reaction . it uses the law of conservation of mass , the law of definite composition and the law of multiple proportions in balancing chemical equations .
this is a list of cities in the republic of north macedonia . in the country there are 34 cities . 5 have a population of over 50,000 and 12 towns have a population of under 10,000 people . the capital city , skopje , is home to around 30 % of the total population of the country .
lemon popsicle ( israeli : eskimo limon , ) is a 1978 israeli west german comedy movie directed by boaz davidson and starring anat atzmon , zachi noy , jonathan sagall , yftach katzur . its success led to a series of sequels and a 1982 remake " the last american virgin " .
the multiple - camera setup , multiple - camera mode of production , multi-camera or simply multicam is a method of filmmaking and video production . several cameras - either movie or professional video cameras - are employed on the test simultaneously record or broadcast a scene . it is often contrasted with single - camera setup , which uses one camera .
philippe ( , , ; born castle of laeken , brussels , 15 april 1960 ) is the king of the belgians and a constitutional monarch . he is the son of king albert ii and his wife paola of belgium . on 21 july 2013 , king philippe i was named king of the belgians when albert ii abdicated .
the saarland national football team ( german : " saarländische fußballnationalmannschaft " ) was the association football team representing saarland from 1950 to 1956 during the french occupation after world war ii . their last game was played on june 6 , 1956 . shortly afterwards , the team merged into the west germany national football team .
the mexican empire ( ) was the official name of independent mexico . it was a monarchy from 1821 to 1823 . the territory of the mexican empire included new spain and the former captaincy general of guatemala . mexico then declared itself a republic . however , it reverted to a monarchy during the second mexican empire of maximilian i of mexico .
mashhad ( ) is a city in the razavi khorasan province in iran . masshad is second the second largest city in iran . it is close to iran 's border with afghanistan and turkmenistan.mashhad is primarily known as the resting place of imam reza and also the great persian poet , ferdowsi .
the battle of fredericksburg ( december 11 , 1862 – december 15 , 1862 ) was a major battle in the american civil war fought at fredericksburg , virginia . the battle saw almost 200,000 men engaged — more than any other civil war battle . it involved the first major opposed river crossing in the history of the united states .
hips do n't lie is a 2006 latin pop hit song by colombian singer shakira and wyclef jean . it came out in her album " oral fixation vol . 2 " . the song has latin style drums and wyclef 's rap . the song became number 1 in many countries .
matteo renzi ( ; born 11 january 1975 ) is an italian politician . he is the 56th and current prime minister of italy . he became prime minister on 22 february 2014 . before , he was the president of florence province from 2004 to 2009 and the mayor of florence from 2009 to 2014 . he resigned on 5 december 2016 .
eduardo horacio laborde ( 19 october 1967 – 4 february 2015 ) was an argentine rugby union player . he played three games for the national team " los pumas " in the 1991 rugby world cup.laborde died in february 2015 after the bicycle he was riding was hit with another vehicle in the coastal town of pinamar .
there is one time zone named china standard time ( cst ) or beijing standard time . it is 8 hours ahead of coordinated universal time ( utc ) , but xinjiang ( east turkestan ) unofficially uses . since 1992 , there has been no daylight saving time.china used to have five time zones , but now it has one .
jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck ( born 21 february 1980 ) is the son of jigme singye wangchuck and the 5th and current reigning dragon king ( druk gyalpo ) of the kingdom of bhutan . he became king on 9 december 2006 . he was officially crowned on 1 november 2008 .
oru oorla oru rajakumari is a 2018 tamil - language family soap opera on zee tamil hd starring puvi and ashwini in the lead roles . the show replaces rekka katti parakkudhu manasu in the time slot and airs monday to saturday from 23 april 2018 at 21:30 ( ist ) .
cellulite is a dimpled appearance of the skin , caused by fat cells pushing against the body 's connective tissue . the word " cellulite " only refers to how the skin looks , and does not describe a medical condition.cellulite is not related to cellulitis which is a spreading bacterial infection of the skin .
the three - body problem is a problem in the field of physics that experts find interesting . the goal is to find how three things move when they attract each other with gravity . it would be for instance the problem of the movement of the sun , the earth and the moon . physicists do not have a general solution that always works .
reasonable accommodation is a necessary aid or support for persons with disabilities or other persons in weak situations , such as minority groups , but not to make an unreasonable burden on the society . this idea is born in american and canadian lawsuits to abolish discrimination on the job and is also used by the convention on the rights of persons with disabilities in article 2 .
sunday is one of the seven days of the week . it is part of the weekend , along with saturday . sunday is the sabbath or day of worship for most christians ( for example , easter is celebrated on sunday ) . sunday is the beginning of the week in the united states , but is the end of the week in the united kingdom .
the xii magallanes region ( ) is one of the fifteen regions of chile . it has four provinces.it contains the chilean territory claim in antarctica.the capital city of the region is punta arenas . other towns are puerto natales , porvenir and puerto williams.this region has the world famous torres del paine national park .
brigadier general ratu epeli nailatikau , cf , lvo , obe , msd , kstj , ( born 5 july 1941 ) is a fijian chief and politician . he became the president of fiji on 5 november 2009 . he left office in 2015 . in 2019 , he became the 2nd speaker of the parliament .
the equality act 2010 is an act of parliament of the united kingdom.before 2010 , there were many different acts ( laws ) and regulations ( rules ) in great britain which protected against different kinds of discrimination . the equality act 's goal was to put all of these laws and protections together into one law , and make it easier to understand .
jörg stübner ( 23 july 1965 – 24 june 2019 ) was a german footballer . he played at 47 international caps for east germany from 1984 to 1990 . he was born in freiberg , then east germany . he played for dynamo dresden from 1983 to 1993 . stübner died on 24 june 2019 in dresden , germany at the age of 53 .
" emil doepler the younger " ' ( 29 october 1855 - 21 december 1922 ) was an illustrator , painter and teacher . today he is seen as one of the people who influenced the art nouveau movement . emil doepler 's father was carl emil doepler . doepler designed the coat of arms of the weimar republic .
the 1992 national convention of the republican party ( gop ) of the united states was held in the astrodome in houston , texas , from august 17 to august 20 , 1992 . the convention nominated president george h. w. bush , and vice president dan quayle for reelection . former president ronald reagan made one of his last speeches at the convention .
len brown ( born ) was the 1st mayor of auckland in new zealand and a lawyer . he was elected mayor of manukau in october 2007 , the second time he ran for that office . he won the 2010 auckland mayoral election on 9 october 2010 and was sworn in as mayor of auckland on 1 november 2010 . his term ended in 2016 .
the yellow - lipped sea krait ( " laticauda colubrina " ) is a species of sea snake found in tropical indo - pacific ocean waters . the yellow - lipped sea krait is also known as the " " banded sea krait " " and the " " colubrine sea krait " " .
hawthorn football club , known as the " hawks " , is a team in the australian football league . in the 21st century , they have won four premierships in 2008 , 2013 , 2014 and 2015 . their home ground is the melbourne cricket ground . the coach alastair clarkson , is a former student at ballarat and clarendon college student .
an internet portal or web portal is a website used to enter the internet . it can also be used to describe a website to enter certain parts of the internet , like wikipedia 's . many isps have their own portals , but there are many other portals by other companies , like microsoft 's msn , ask.com , and yahoo ! .
diana ross ( also re-released as ai n't no mountain high enough ) is the self - titled debut solo album by american recording artist diana ross . it was released on june 19 , 1970 by motown records . the album was released after ross left r & b girl group the supremes , a group ross had been in since 1959 .
madeleine mantock ( born 26 may 1990 ) is a british actress . she is known for her work on the television series " into the badlands " and a remake of the series " the tomorrow people " . she also stars in the lead role of witch macy vaughn on the cw series " charmed " . she was born in nottingham , england .
fayette county is a county of the u.s. state of pennsylvania . fayette county is located in southwestern pennsylvania , near maryland and west virginia . as of the 2010 census , the population was 136,606 . its county seat is uniontown . the county was created on september 26 , 1783 and named after the marquis de lafayette .
gordon hugh willis , jr. ( may 28 , 1931 – may 18 , 2014 ) was an american cinematographer . he worked with francis ford coppola . he is known for his works such as " the godfather " , " manhattan " , and " annie hall " . willis died in north falmouth , massachusetts from metastatic cancer , aged 82 .
fc basel 1893 ( " fussball club basel 1893 " ) , widely known as fc basel , fcb , or just basel , is a swiss football club based in basel , in the canton of basel - stadt.it was created in 1893 , the club has been swiss national champions 20 times , swiss cup winners 12 times , and swiss league cup winners once .
george thorogood ( born february 24 , 1950 ) is an american blues rock singer / guitarist . he is from wilmington , delaware . thorogood is famous for his cover versions of blues standards . he says elmore james , hound dog taylor and chuck berry are the people who influenced him musically . george thorogood has released sixteen studio albums .
fernando affonso collor de mello ( ; born august 12 , 1949 ) is a brazilian politician . he was the 32nd president of brazil from 1990 to 1992 . he resigned to try to stop his impeachment trial by the brazilian senate . collor was the first president directly elected by the people after the end of the brazilian military government .
the hang ( ; plural form : hanghang ) is a musical instrument . it is in the idiophone class . it was created by felix rohner and sabina schärer in bern , switzerland . the hang is sometimes called " hang drum " , but the people who made the hang think that this is wrong and that people should not call it that .
a flyover is something people do with airplanes or helicopters . it means flying over people who are watching . sometimes the airplanes fly very low to make it more exciting . the blue angels are a special group of pilots that do a lot of flyovers at events.sometimes military aircraft fly over the enemy to try to scare the people they are fighting against .
mario almada otero ( born january 7 , 1922 – october 4 , 2016 ) was a mexican actor . his career has lasted for over 70 years . he has appeared in over 300 movies . he was most known for his roles in urban westerns and action movies.almada died in his sleep of natural causes in mexico city , mexico , aged 94 .
nicole is a female given name of greek origin . it means " victorious people " . it is the french female version of the boy 's name " nicholas " . there are many variants for this female name . famous persons going by the name include nicole sullivan and nicole kidman . the name is being used for tropical storms or hurricanes in atlantic basin .
monarchy in belgium is constitutional and popular in nature . the monarch is the head of state . the monarch is officially called king of the belgians . the current leader is philippe i. leopold of saxe - coburg and gotha was the first king of the belgians . to date all have belonged to the house of saxe - coburg and gotha .
robert hossein ( born as hosseinoff 30 december 1927 ) is a french movie actor , director , and writer of azerbaijani and jewish origin . he directed the 1982 adaption of " les misérables " , and appeared in " vice and virtue " , " le casse " , " les uns et les autres " and " venus beauty institute " .
niflheim is the world of frost and cold of norse mythology . frost giants live there . the river hvergelmir also is there . yggdrasil has one of its roots in the spring of the river . the serpent nidhogg gnaws at this root.niflheim is ruled by the giantess angrboda .
matthew quincy daddario ( born october 1 , 1987 ) is an american actor . he is best known for his role as alec lightwood on the freeform television series " shadowhunters " ( 2016 – present ) . he is the brother of actress alexandra daddario.daddario was born in new york city . he studied at indiana university bloomington .
vuisternens - en - ogoz is a former municipality of the district saane in the canton of fribourg in switzerland . on 1 january 2016 the former municipalities of corpataux - magnedens , farvagny , le glèbe , rossens and vuisternens - en - ogoz merged to form the new municipality of gibloux .
rupal glacier ( or tashain glacier ) is a glacier in the great himalaya subrange of the himalayas . it starts in the north of an unnamed peak and flows northeast in the north of laila peak ( rupal valley ) and in the south of nanga parbat 's many peaks . the melt water from the glacier forms rupal river .
behnam abolghasempour ( , born august 24 , 1973 ) is an iranian retired football player . he has played for four iranian clubs including saipa , persepolis , pas and sorkhpoushan . he has also represented the iran national football team four times , scoring twice . he is currently sporting director at rah ahan .
the covid - 19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached latvia on 2 march 2020 . on 13 march , the government closed all educational buildings and banned mass gatherings until 14 april , which was later extended to 12 may . many concerts and events were cancelled and moved to other dates.as of 20 march at least 1,600 culture and entertainment events had been disrupted .
earl wilbur sutherland , jr. ( november 19 , 1915 – march 9 , 1974 ) was an american pharmacologist and biochemist . he won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1971 for his discoveries concerning the mechanisms of the action of hormones . he was born in burlingame , kansas in 1915 and died in miami , florida , united states in 1974 .
caraga is an administrative region in the philippines . it is also known as region xiii . it is on the northeastern part of the island of mindanao . butuan is the regional administrative center.there are five provinces : agusan del norte , agusan del sur , dinagat islands , surigao del norte , and surigao del sur .
kevin hamilton mcdonald ( born may 16 , 1961 ) is a canadian actor , voice artist , and comedian . he 's the voice of pleakley in the " lilo & stitch " series , waffle in " catscratch " and the almighty tallest purple in " invader zim " . mcdonald founded " the kids in the hall " with his friend dave foley .
freida selena pinto ( born 18 october 1984 ) is an indian actress . she was born in mumbai . pinto appeared in british and american movies . she starred in the 2008 movie " slumdog millionaire " . in 2011 , pinto starred in " rise of the planet of the apes " . before becoming an actress , pinto was a model and television presenter .
samuel taliaferro " sam " rayburn ( january 6 , 1882 – november 16 , 1961 ) was an american politician . he served as the speaker of the u.s. house of representatives from 1940 through 1947 , again from 1949 through 1953 , and again from 1955 through 1961 . he died of cancer at the age of 79 and is buried at willow wild cemetery .
john guare ( rhymes with " air " ; born february 5 , 1938 ) is an american playwright . he is best known as the author of " the house of blue leaves " , " six degrees of separation " , and " landscape of the body " . guare was born in new york city and raised in jackson heights , queens . he was raised a roman catholic .
koro tainui wētere ( 22 june 1935 – 23 june 2018 ) was a new zealand politician . he was an mp from 1969 to 1996 , representing the labour party . he served as minister of māori affairs from 1984 to 1990 . he was a member of the ngāti maniapoto tribe.wētere died in te kuiti on 23 june 2018 , one day after turning 83 .
30 minutes or less is a 2011 action - comedy - crime movie that was produced by stuart cornfeld , ben stiller and jeremy kramer and was directed by ruben fleischer . " 30 minutes or less " was released on august 12 , 2011 in north america . the movie received mixed reviews with a 45 % rating on rotten tomatoes and a 51 out of 100 from metacritic .
uğur yücel ( born 26 may 1957 ) is a turkish actor , director , producer and screenwriter.uğur yücel was born in istanbul . he graduated from istanbul municipality conservatory department of theatre . he worked in private theatres between 1975 and 1984 . his first movie role is in " aşık oldum " ( 1985 ) . he is married with actress derya alabora and has a son .
leicestershire ( abbreviated leics ) is a county in central england . it takes its name from the heavily populated city of leicester , its traditional administrative centre , although the city of leicester is today administered separately from the rest of leicestershire . the county borders onto lincolnshire , rutland , northamptonshire , warwickshire , staffordshire , derbyshire , and nottinghamshire.leicestershire was recorded in the domesday book .
interstate 90 ( sometimes called i - 90 ) is a interstate highway in the states of washington , idaho , montana , wyoming , south dakota , minnesota , wisconsin , illinois , indiana , ohio , pennsylvania , new york , and massachusetts . the road goes from interstate 5 in seattle , washington to logan international airport in boston , massachusetts . it is the longest interstate in the united states .
iepe b. t. rubingh ( ; 17 august 1974 – 9 may 2020 ) was a dutch artist who was best known for starting chess boxing in 2003 . he was born in rotterdam.rubingh died on 9 may 2020 in rotterdam , aged 45 . < ref > iepe rubingh , de rotterdamse uitvinder van chessboxing , overleden
édouard daladier ( 18 june 1884 - 10 october 1970 ) was a french socialist politician , and prime minister of france at the start of the second world war . he was one of the politicians who tried to stop the war at the munich conference in 1938 , together with the british prime minister , neville chamberlain and the two dictators of germany and italy , adolf hitler and benito mussolini .
sir john vincent " vince " cable ( born 9 may 1943 in york , england ) is a british politician . he was the leader of the liberal democrats from 2017 to 2019 . cable was the secretary of state for business , innovation and skills in the conservative - liberal democrat coalition government . he is the liberal democrat member of parliament ( mp ) for the constituency of twickenham .
malagasy is an austronesian language that is spoken in madagascar . it is an austronesian language . it is related to languages such as indonesian , javanese and maori . that means that malagasy is related to languages spoken in indonesia . this is probably because immigrants from indonesia came to madagascar until a.d. 1400 . it is the only austronesian language spoken in africa .
jim agnew ( born march 21 , 1966 ) is a canadian retired professional hockey defenceman . agnew was drafted by the vancouver canucks in the 8th round ( 157th overall ) in the 1984 nhl entry draft . after a stellar career in the western hockey league with the brandon wheat kings and portland winter hawks , agnew began his professional career with the canucks in 1986 .
yellowcard are an american pop punk band from jacksonville , florida.the band was formed in 1997 after the members of the band met each other at the douglas anderson school of the arts . they released their debut album , " midget tossing " , on april 1 , 1997 . the band 's best known song is " ocean avenue " which reached # 37 on the billboard hot 100 .
joseph rene marcel pronovost ( june 15 , 1930 – april 26 , 2015 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach . he played in 1,206 games over 20 national hockey league ( nhl ) seasons and for the detroit red wings and toronto maple leafs between 1950 and 1970 . pronovost died on april 26 , 2015 , after a brief illness , aged 84 .
the bastille was a prison in paris , france . it was destroyed during the french revolution on 14 july 1789 . it was attacked by rebels from the " third estate " ( the people ) . this event is considered the beginning of the french revolution . today in france , the 14 july , " fête nationale " , or bastille day , is a national holiday .
red clover ( " trifolium pratense " ) is a species of plant . it is native to europe , africa , and asia . it has been introduced to north america , hawaii , and puerto rico . it blooms from spring to early fall . it is found in fields , pastures , and near roadsides . red clover likes to grow in thick , dry soil .
john patrick hopkins ( october 29 , 1858 – october 13 , 1918 ) was an american politician . he was the mayor of chicago , illinois ( 1893 – 1895 ) . he was a democrat.hopkins was born on october 29 , 1858 in buffalo , new york . he was never married . hopkins died on october 13 , 1918 in chicago , illinois from a flu , aged 59 .
fort scott is a city in and the county seat of bourbon county , kansas , united states . it is south of kansas city , on the marmaton river . as of the 2010 census , the city population was 8,087 . it is the home of the fort scott national historic site and the fort scott national cemetery . fort scott is named for gen. winfield scott .
kimberly alexis bledel ( september 16 , 1981 ) , is an american television and movie actress . her most notable acting is the television series " gilmore girls " . she has also been in the movies " sin city " and " sisterhood of the traveling pants " . bledel is a democrat and attended the 2012 democratic national convention in support of president obama 's re-election .
vailly - sur - aisne is a commune . it is in the picardie region in the aisne department . this in the north of france . in 2012 , 2,055 people lived there.in july 1429 , charles vii of france along with joan of arc and after his coronation in reims , stopped in vailly where he spent the night there .
" my way " is the fourth single off american nu metal band limp bizkit 's third studio album " chocolate starfish and the hot dog flavored water " . the song was released on january 6 , 2001 . the song was nominated for a kerrang ! award for best single . my way was used as the theme song for wwf 's wrestlemania x-seven .
caniformia is a suborder of the order carnivora . it contains all the dog - like mammals : unlike the cat - like feliformia , these animals have claws that are unable to contract . this group contains bears , seals , and true dogs , and more.the other suborder of carnivora is the cat - like feliformia .
gaara is a character in the manga and anime naruto . he is known as gaara of the sand in the viz translation , and sabaku no gaara ( gaara of the desert ) in the original japanese . initially he was a bad guy and naruto 's rival . after a while the two develop a bond as kindred spirits and become close friends .
michel jeury ( 23 january 1934 – 9 january 2015 ) , also known by his pseudonym albert higon , was a french science fiction writer . he wrote over seventy books between 1958 and 2013 . jeury was born in razac - d'eymet , dordogne.jeury died on 9 january 2015 in vaison - la - romaine , vaucluse , aged 80 .
teuva ( ) is a municipality in southern ostrobothnia , finland . there were about 5,700 people living there on 31 january 2014 . it is next to the municipalities of karijoki , kauhajoki , kristinestad , kurikka and närpes . about 99 % of the people living there speak finnish . teuva was established in 1868 .
islam bibi ( ; 1974 – 4 july 2013 ) was a female police officer from afghanistan in the province of helmand headquarters . she was also a pioneer in fighting for the rights of women in the country . . she was the highest ranking policewoman at the time of her death in afghanistan and led operations against the talibans . she received many death threats and was killed on july 4 , 2013 .
jiří tomáš kotalík ( 14 february 1951 – 2 july 2020 ) was a czech art historian . he was born in prague . from 1997 to 2003 and again from 2010 to 2014 , he was the rector of the academy of fine arts , prague . a professor , he also taught at the film and tv school of the academy of performing arts in prague.kotalík died on 2 july 2020 in prague , aged 69 .
hang 'em high is a 1968 american western movie directed by ted post and produced and co-written by leonard freeman . it stars clint eastwood as jed cooper , an innocent man who survives being hanged , inger stevens as a widow who helps him , ed begley as the leader of the gang that tried to hang him , and pat hingle as the judge who hires jed as a us marshal .
in 1947 , the punjab province of british india was divided along religious lines into west punjab and east punjab . the western part was assimilated into new country of pakistan while the east stayed in india . this led to massive rioting as both sides committed atrocities against fleeing refugees.this due to the british east india company during 20th centuries which causes hierarchies between hindu , muslim and sikhs .
a t cell is a type of lymphocyte , a white blood cell . t - cells plays an important role in the immune system . they attack infected cells , foreign cells , and cancer cells and completely destroy them . this stops viruses or cancer from spreading to healthy cells.the " t " in t cell stands for thymus . the thymus is where t cells mature .
in biology , a cline , or ' ecocline ' , describes a series of connected populations in a species . these populations show a continuous gradient of traits and genetics . the term was coined by the english evolutionary biologist julian huxley in 1938 . he defined a cline as a species whose members fall into a series of sub-species with continuous change in characters over a geographical area .
so real is a 1999 pop album from pop singer mandy moore . this album has the singles " candy " , " walk me home " and the title track . this album went platinum within three months . it was her first album.the song " candy " talks about moore 's feelings and that she misses and craves her love " like candy " . the album was released in december 1999 .
étienne mourrut ( december 4 , 1939 – october 19 , 2014 ) was a french politician . he was a member of the union for a popular movement ( ump ) . mourrut was an mp for gard 's 2nd constituency . mourrut was born in le grau - du - roi , gard , france.mourrut died in paris , france , aged 74 .
sir compton mackenzie , obe ( ; 17 january 1883 – 30 november 1972 ) was a prolific writer of fiction , biography , histories , and memoir , as well as a cultural commentator , raconteur , and lifelong scottish nationalist . he was one of the co-founders in 1928 of the scottish national party along with hugh macdiarmid , rb cunninghame graham and john maccormick .
santana do paraíso is a brazilian city in the vale do aço metropolitan area , state of minas gerais . its population in 2009 was 24.695 inhabitants . its area is 275,529 km ² . the city was founded in april 28 , 1992 . it is limited with the municipal districts of belo oriente , mesquita , ipatinga , caratinga e ipaba
lorenzo acquarone ( 25 february 1931 – 24 march 2020 ) was an italian lawyer and politician . he was born in ventimiglia . between 1987 and 2006 , he served as a member of the senate and the chamber of deputies.on 24 march 2020 , during the 2019 – 20 coronavirus pandemic , acquarone died in genoa due to covid - 19 . he was 89 .
froot loops is a many colored , fruit flavored breakfast cereal made by the cereal maker kellogg 's . it is sold worldwide . when it started in 1963 , the cereal had red , orange , and yellow loops . in the 1990s , blue , green , and purple loops were added to the cereal . the cereal 's mascot is a toucan called " toucan sam " .
show , do n't tell is a type of writing technique used by authors . instead of explaining a story , as in a summary , a writer makes the reader feel what is happening . it creates a picture of something in the reader 's mind . when the reader gets a clear mental picture the story becomes more interesting . the technique is used in both fiction and non-fiction writing .
jannik kohlbacher ( born 19 july 1995 ) is a german handball player . he plays for rhein - neckar löwen and the german national team . he took part in the 2016 european men 's handball championship . he was born in bensheim.in march 2020 , during the 2019 – 20 coronavirus pandemic , kohlbacher tested positive for covid - 19 .
john ben " benny " benson , jr. ( called benny benson ) ( 1913 - 1972 ) was born in chignik , alaska . when he was three years old , his mother died . then , his father sent him and his brother carl to boarding school . this was because benny 's father could not take care of them . benny grew up in unalaska and later in seward .
flavio cotti ( born 18 october 1939 ) is a swiss politician . he was born in prato - sornico , switzerland.he was elected to the federal council of switzerland on 10 december 1986 . he retired on 30 april 1999 . he was a member of the christian democratic people 's party of switzerland.he was president of the confederation twice , first in 1991 and then again in 1998 .
sam boghosian ( december 22 , 1931 – february 26 , 2020 ) was an american college and professional football coach . he played college ball as a guard for the ucla bruins , and was later an assistant coach at his alma mater . he was added into the ucla athletic hall of fame.boghosian died on february 26 , 2020 at his home in indian wells , california at the age of 88 .
david wayne parks ( december 25 , 1941 – august 8 , 2019 ) was an american football wide receiver / end in the nfl . he played for the san francisco 49ers from 1964 to 1967 , the new orleans saints from 1968 to 1972 and for the houston oilers in 1973 . he was born in muenster , texas.parks died on august 8 , 2019 in austin , texas at the age of 77 .
gottfried john ( ; august 29 , 1942 – september 1 , 2014 ) was a german actor and comedian . john was known for his roles in general ourumov in the james bond movie " goldeneye " and julius caesar in " asterix and obelix take on caesar " . on september 1 , 2014 , john died in utting am ammersee near munich , germany of cancer at age 72 .
the terror wheel is the second ep by the american horrorcore band , insane clown posse . it was released on august 5 , 1994 . the producer of the ep was mike e. clark . if you called the number featured in the song " amy 's in the attic " at 6:06 into the song , it would tell you the name of the next joker 's card , riddle box .
woolsthorpe - by - colsterworth is a hamlet in the united kingdom . it is in lincolnshire , england . it is 100 miles north of london . it is the town where scientist sir isaac newton was born . newton was born and lived at woolsthorpe manor , which is a small farm house . the apple tree which made him think about gravity can still be seen in the garden .
tv asahi ( rising sun television ) is a television network in japan . it started in 1957 . in 1996 , masayoshi son collaborated with rupert murdoch and became the largest shareholder , but the asahi shinbun purchased it in 1997 . tv asahi was invaded also by the right - wing yakuza and a president of publisher . for those reasons , former the executive of police organization became a company director .
merced county ( ) is a county in the northern san joaquin valley section of the central valley , in the u.s. state of california.as of the 2010 census , the population was 255,793 . the county seat is merced . the county is named after the merced river . it is located north of fresno county and fresno , and southeast of santa clara county and san jose .
the 2011 daytona 500 took place on february 20th 2011 at the daytona international speedway . it was the first race of the 2011 nascar sprint cup series . dale earnhardt , jr. won the pole in qualifying , however he did not start in 1st place because he crashed his car during practice . the race was won by trevor bayne . at 20 years old , he is the youngest driver to win the race .
boulogne - sur - mer is a commune . it is in nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france . boulogne - sur - mer set its record high temperature ( 35.4 ° c or 95.7 ° f ) in july 2015 . the record had been 34.8 ° c in aug. 11 , 2003 .
tracy s. letts ( born july 4 , 1965 ) is an american playwright , screenwriter , and actor . he won the 2008 pulitzer prize for drama for his play " " and a tony award for his role as george in the revival of " who 's afraid of virginia woolf ? " . he is also known for his role of andrew lockhart in seasons 3 and 4 of showtime 's " homeland " .
andrew donald declercq ( born february 1 , 1973 ) is a former american basketball player . he played in the national basketball association ( nba ) for ten seasons . he played for the golden state warriors , boston celtics , cleveland cavaliers and orlando magic . declercq played college basketball for the university of florida.while in the nba he averaged 4.8 points and 4.2 rebounds per game .
surapong tovichakchaikul ( may 1 , 1953 – may 20 , 2020 ) was a thai politician . he was deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of thailand from 2011 to 2014 . he was born in chiang mai province , thailand . he was a member of the pheu thai party.surapong died on 20 may 2020 of liver cancer at a hospital in bangkok , aged 67 .
the british rail class 22 , originally called the north british type 2 diesel - hydraulic , was a class of diesel - hydraulic locomotives designed for the western region of british railways and built by north british locomotive company . they were very similar in appearance to the class 21 diesel - electrics . the class 22 was nicknamed " baby warship " because of its similarity to the british rail class d20 / 2 . category : locomotives by builder
the lexington barbecue festival is a one - day food festival held each october in lexington , north carolina , a city that calls itself the " barbecue capital of the world . " each year up to 160,000 people go to the festival up to 20 different companies compete to see who has the best barbecue . there are many people who sell other items , too . the festival is a celebration of slow cooked pork barbecue .
lepidodendron is an extinct genus of primitive ( tree - like ) plant . they were the first large land plants , and a major part of the coal forest tropical flora.they were huge , over , and the trunks were often over in diameter.sometimes called ' giant club mosses ' , they are actually closer to the quillworts " isoetes " than to clubmosses .
peter alexander walsh ( 11 march 1935 – 10 april 2015 ) was an australian senator and labor politician from 1974 to 1993 . e was elected to the australian senate in 1974 , and served as minister for resources and energy from 1983 to 1984 and finance minister from 1984 to 1990 . he was noted for his pro-free market views.walsh died at a hospital in perth after a short illness on 10 april 2015 , aged 80 .
georgian bay ( ) is a large bay of lake huron in ontario , canada . the main part of the bay lies east of the bruce peninsula and manitoulin island . to its northwest is the north channel.georgian bay is surrounded by ( listed clockwise ) the districts of manitoulin , sudbury , parry sound and muskoka , as well as the more populous counties of simcoe , grey and bruce .
david hume divided knowledge into two categories “ relations of ideas ” , and “ matters of fact ” . relations of ideas are truthful and correct statements ( for example “ all unmarried men are bachelors ” . matters of fact are statements we are nearly certain are truthful but there is still a chance for it to be false : “ the sun will rise in the morning ” : there is a chance it will not rise .
dunstanburgh castle is a castle built in the 14th century . it is on the coast of northumberland between the villages of craster and embleton . it is on a huge rock next to the north sea . the castle is owned by english heritage . the name dunstanburgh means ' the fort ' ( burgh ) ' of the town ' ( dun ) ' by the rock ' ( stan ) .
marie eugène françois thomas dubois ( 28 january 1858 – 16 december 1940 ) was a dutch paleoanthropologist . he earned worldwide fame for his discovery of " pithecanthropus erectus " ( later redesignated " homo erectus " ) , or ' java man ' . although hominid fossils had been found and studied before , dubois was the first anthropologist to embark upon a purposeful search for them .
ingvar axel harald ericsson ( 31 august 1927 – 14 may 2020 ) was a swedish middle - distance runner . he was in the 1500 m event . he competed at the 1952 and 1956 summer olympics and finished eighth in 1952 . at the european championships he was seventh in 1950 and fourth in 1954 . ericsson won the national 1500 m title in 1952 , 1954 and 1955 . he was a firefighter by profession .
bodrum castle ( ) , formerly the castle of st. peter , is located in southwest turkey in the port city of bodrum ( ) , was built from 1402 onwards , by the knights hospitaller as the " castle of st. peter " or " petronium " . the castle was completed in 1522 . it was used as a jail in 19th century . there are 5 towers of bodrum castle .
harbourfront station ( ne1 / cc29 ) is an mrt station in singapore.it is an interchange station along the north east mrt line and circle mrt line . it is currently the only double terminus in singapore 's mrt line . the station is located next to vivocity and harbourfront centre.the station was originally called world trade center , but changed to its current name after the 9/11 attacks
john joseph horgan ( born august 7 , 1959 ) is a canadian politician . he is the 36th and current premier of british columbia since july 2017 . he has been leader of the british columbia new democratic party since 2014 . following the leadership election , he was appointed the official opposition critic for energy , and opposition house leader . he was replaced by bruce ralston as opposition house leader following his entry into the 2014 leadership election .
mary ann mobley ( february 17 , 1939 – december 9 , 2014 ) was an american television and movie actress . she appeared in the sitcoms " designing women " and " diff'rent strokes " , and in other television programs . she was miss america 1959 . she was married to actor gary collins until his death in 2012 . mobley died at her home in beverly hills , california from breast cancer , aged 75 .
xavier tondo volpini ( 5 november 1978 – 23 may 2011 ) was a spanish professional bicycle racer . he mainly participated in bicycle races up the mountain.on 23 may 2011 , while he was getting his bicycle ready for a ride , tondo was trapped between his own garage door and car . he was crushed by the door . one of his teammates , beñat intxausti , was with him during the accident .
saulius sondeckis ( 11 october 1928 – 3 february 2016 ) was a lithuanian violinist , conductor , orchestra leader and professor . he founded the lithuanian chamber orchestra in 1960 and was its artistic director and principal conductor until 2004 . sondeckis was born in šiauliai , lithuania . he studied at lithuanian academy of music and theatre . sondeckis died in vilnius from a stroke on 3 february 2016 . he was aged 87 .
harvey doolittle colvin ( december 18 , 1815 – april 16 , 1892 ) was an american politician . he was the mayor of chicago , illinois from 1873 to 1875 . he was a member of the people 's party.colvin was born on december 18 , 1815 . he was never married and had no children . colvin died on april 16 , 1892 in chicago , illinois from an illness , aged 76 .
during the roman empire , the taurobolium referred to practices involving the sacrifice of a bull , which after mid-2nd century became connected with the worship of the great mother of the gods ; though not previously limited to her cult , after 159 ad all private inscriptions mention " magna mater " ( the roman name for the goddess cybele ) . originating in asia minor , its earliest attested performance in italy occurred in 134 ad .
the 1999 uefa cup final was a football game that took place in luzhniki stadium , moscow , on 12 may 1999 between parma a.c. ( italy ) and olympique de marseille ( france ) . parma a.c. won 3 - 0 . so parma a.c. won their second uefa cup title and fourth european trophy , having previously won the uefa cup winners ' cup and the uefa super cup .
villeneuve - en - perseigne is a commune . it is found in the pays de la loire region in the sarthe department in the west of france . the municipality was created on 1 january 2015 and consists of the former communes of la fresnaye - sur - chédouet ( the seat ) , chassé , lignières - la - carelle , montigny , roullée and saint - rigomer - des - bois .
margarita zavala de calderón ( ; born margarita ester zavala gómez del campo on 25 july 1967 ) is a mexican lawyer and politician . she is the wife of the former president of mexico felipe calderón . she served as the first lady of mexico during her husband 's tenure.zavala also ran as an independent candidate for the presidency of mexico between 12 october 2017 and 16 may 2018 during the 2018 election cycle .
" azərbaycan hava yolları " ( " azərbaycan hava yolları " qsc ) , azerbaijan airlines ( azal , azeri : azərbaycan hava yolları ) , is the flag carrier of azerbaijan , based in baku . its main base is heydar aliyev international airport in baku . it is a joint - stock company ( jsc ) .
bob pickens ( february 2 , 1943 – april 12 , 2018 ) was an american olympic wrestler and professional football player . he was born in chicago , illinois . he played for the chicago bears from 1967 to 1969 . pickens was also an olympic wrestler , competing in tokyo , japan in the heavyweight division at the 1964 summer olympics.pickens died in atlanta , georgia on april 12 , 2018 at the age of 75 .
in law , negligence is a kind of legal claim that people and organizations can bring if they are hurt . it is a kind of tort . the law calls someone negligent if he hurts someone else , or someone else 's property , because he was not careful enough . in a legal case about negligence , the person who brings the lawsuit is called the plaintiff and the person who is being sued is called the defendant .
kampong cham is a province ( " khaet " ) of cambodia . its capital and largest city is also named kampong cham.kampong cham was divided into two provinces on 31 december 2013 . all land west of the mekong river remained kampong cham . land east of the river became tboung khmum province.there are 9 districts and 1 municipality :
the indian rhinoceros or the asian one - horned rhinoceros ( " rhinoceros unicornis " ) is a large mammal primarily found in pakistan , north - eastern india , nepal and parts of bhutan . it lives in the tall grasslands and forests in the foothills of the himalayas.rhinoceros was hunted for sport , and is now poached because its horn is used for traditional chinese medicine ( alternative medicine ) .
melissa gilbert ( born may 8 , 1964 ) is an american actress and writer . she is famous for acting as laura ingalls wilder in " little house on the prairie " ( 1974 - 1984 ) . she has also acted in many other television programs and movies . gilbert had two terms as president of the screen actors guild . on june 9 , 2009 her autobiography , " prairie tale : a memoir " , was released .
zork ii : the wizard of frobozz is an interactive fiction video game published by infocom in 1981 . it was written by marc blank , dave lebling , bruce daniels and tim anderson . it was the second game in the popular zork trilogy . it begins where " zork i " left off and leads into " zork iii " . it is infocom 's second game .
canillo is one of the seven parishes of andorra . it is in the northeast of the country . canillo is also the name of the main town of the parish.the town of canillo is the religious centre of andorra because here is the " mare de déu de meritxell " ( " our lady of meritxell " ) basilica . our lady of meritxell is the patron saint of andorra .
the republican national committee ( the r.n.c . or rnc ) is a group of people who coordinate the activities of the u.s. republican party in all fifty states . the r.n.c . has its headquarters in washington , dc . it also has state republican party headquarters in each of the 50 state capitals.the current chairwoman of the committee is ronna romney mcdaniel of michigan .
the daily planet is a fictional newspaper in the universe of dc comics . superman 's ego clark kent works here with lois lane , jimmy olsen and perry white.the " daily planet " office building has a large globe on its roof . jerry siegel said that the design of the building was based on the old toronto star building . future appearances of the building were soon inspired by the chicago board of trade building and the empire state building .
the zitter forest ( ) is found in the eifel region in the german district of euskirchen ( north rhine - westphalia ) and in the belgian province of liège ( wallonia ) . its highest point is 692 m above sea level . it is part of the hohes venn – eifel nature park.the zitter forest is one of the last habitats of the wildcat in germany .
a taxicab number is the name given by mathematicians to a series of special numbers : 2 , 1729 etc . a taxicab number is the smallest number that can be expressed as the sum of two positive cubes in " n " distinct ways . it has nothing to do with taxis , but the name comes from a well - known conversation that took place between two famous mathematicians : godfrey hardy and srinivasa ramanujan .
mrinal sen ( also spelled " mrinal shen " , 14 may 1923 – 30 december 2018 ) was an indian filmmaker . he was born in kolkata . he was thought to be one of the greatest ambassadors of indian parallel cinema on the global stage . his works was known for its artistic depiction of social reality.sen died on 30 december 2018 in kolkata , west bengal at the age of 95 . the cause was a heart attack .
andré goosse ( 16 april 1926 – 4 august 2019 ) was a belgian grammarian . he was known for his works on " le bon usage " . in 1988 , he married the belgian writer france bastia . he was a professor at the université catholique de louvain . he was also the president of the conseil international de la langue française.groosse died on 4 august 2019 , at the age of 93 .
randall stout ( may 6 , 1958 – july 11 , 2014 ) was an american architect.stout was born in knoxville , tennessee.his best known works were the hunter museum of american art in chattanooga , tennessee , the taubman museum of art in roanoke , virginia , and the abroms - engel institute for the visual arts in birmingham , alabama.stout died from renal cell carcinoma in los angeles , california , aged 56 .
the communist party of india , abbreviated as cpi , is a political party in india . it was founded in the british era in 1925 at kanpur . the communist party of india has officially stated that it was formed on 26 december 1925 at the first party conference in kanpur , then " cawnpore " . s.v.ghate was the first general secretary of cpi . d. raja is the current general secretary of cpi .
thelyphonida is an order of arachnids commonly known as vinegarroons.they give out a vinegar - like mist ( containing mostly acetic acid ) . the vinegarroon is not venomous and is not a true scorpion . it is related to spiders , true scorpions , and ticks . they are also known as whip scorpions because they look like true scorpions and because of their whip like tails .
the conservation movement , also known as nature conservation , is a political , environmental and a social movement that seeks to protect natural resources including animal and plant species as well as their habitat for the future.the early conservation movement included fisheries and wildlife management , water , soil conservation and sustainable forestry . the contemporary conservation movement has broadened from the early movement 's emphasis on use of sustainable yield of natural resources and preservation of wilderness areas to include preservation of biodiversity .
direct memory access ( usually shortened to dma ) is a technology used in computers and microprocessors . with it , certain hardware components can use parts of the main memory for their applications , without the need to ask the cpu . the cpu will request data from memory once and the dma will continue to fetch the data , freeing the cpu to do other work . this way , the cpu does not have to request every byte .
kukës is a town in albania . it the capital of kukës district and kukës county . about 16,000 people live here . the town is in the mountains of northern albania . it is famous because during the kosovo conflict they took 450,000 refugees from kosovo ( serbia ) . this led , in 2000 , to a nomination for the nobel peace prize . it was the first time a town was nominated for the prize .
baseball is a team sport which is played by several professional leagues all over the world . in these leagues , players are selected for their talents and are paid to play for a team . one of the most popular professional baseball leagues is major league baseball , which has teams in the united states and canada . another league is nippon professional baseball , which is in japan . mlb baseball is spilt into two leagues , the national and the american league .
john r. bass ( born 1964 ) is an american diplomat . he is the current united states ambassador to afghanistan since december 2017 . he served as the united states ambassador to turkey from 2014 to 2016 . he was united states ambassador to georgia from 2009 to 2012 . president donald trump named him as his choice to become the united states ambassador to afghanistan on july 20 , 2017 . on september 28 , 2017 , his nomination was confirmed by the senate .
evloghios ( hessler ) ( february 21 , 1935 – january 20 , 2019 ) was a german - born italian religious figure . he was the archbishop of milan and longobardia from 1990 until his death in 2019 . he was orthodox metropolitan of aquileia and western europe and primate of the holy synod of milan.evloghios died of complications from a stroke in milan on january 21 , 2019 at the age of 83 .
irredentism is the desire of a state , or of some people in a state , for annexation of land that another state has . the ones who want the land say it really belongs to them because the other state stole it , or because they wish to liberate people of the same ethnicity or other connection who live there . the term was invented in the 1870s when the unification of italy left some italian people in places ruled by someone else .
hackleton , northamptonshire , england , is a large village that is neighboured by piddington and horton.the village has a post office , village shop , local butchers and the white hart pub . there is also a village hall , where meetings and events are held.behind the school , hackleton c of e primary , is the recreation ground . it is most commonly known as ' the rec ' . it has play equipment .
a pixel ( short for picture element ) is a single point in a picture . on the monitor of a computer , a pixel is usually a square . every pixel has a color and all the pixels together are the picture . the color of a pixel can be stored by using a combination of red , green and blue ( rgb ) but other combinations are also possible , such as cyan , magenta , yellow and black ( cmyk ) .
ioannis veryvakis ( ; 3 november 1930 – 19 june 2019 ) was a greek army officer . he rose to the rank of full general and served chief of the hellenic national defence general staff from 1990 to 1993 . he was also chief of the hellenic army general staff . veryvakis was born in edessa . his parents were from crete.veryvakis died on 19 june 2019 in athens , at the age of 88 .
norman l. farberow ( february 12 , 1918 – september 10 , 2015 ) was an american psychologist . he was one of the founding fathers of modern suicidology . he was among the three founders in 1958 of the los angeles suicide prevention center , which became a base of research into the causes and prevention of suicide.farberow died at the age of 97 on september 10 , 2015 , world suicide prevention day in los angeles , california .
max lundgren , born 22 march 1937 , dead 27 may 2005 , was a swedish children 's books writer . his debut book , " hunden som äntligen visslade " , was released in 1962 . he wrote totally circa 50 books . some of his books also tv series . among his more famous works are " pojken med guldbyxorna " and the books about fictional swedish soccer club " åshöjdens bk " .
sepidan county ( ) is a county in fars province in iran . the capital of the county is ardakan . at the 2006 census , the county 's population was 87,801 , in 20,127 families . the county is subdivided into three districts : the central district , beyza district , and hamaijan district . the county has three cities : beyza , hamashahr , and ardakan .
wilson pickett ( march 18 , 1941 – january 19 , 2006 ) was an american r & b / soul singer and songwriter.picket was a major figure in the development of american soul music . among his best known hits are " in the midnight hour " , " land of a thousand dances " , " mustang sally " , " hey jude " and " funky broadway " . pickett often crossed over to the us " billboard " hot 100 .
dove lake is a small glacial lake in tasmania , australia . it is in the cradle mountain - lake st clair national park which is part of the tasmanian wilderness world heritage site . dove lake is at the foot of cradle mountain . there is a 5.7 km walk around the lake , which has been described as one of the most popular wilderness walks in tasmania . the lake covers an area of about 85 hectares , and is about 60 metres deep .
the african buffalo ( " syncerus caffer " ) , is a bovine ( cloven hoofed animal ) . it is also known as the cape buffalo . they are not related to the water buffalo ( which are a little bigger ) . because of its aggressive behavior , it has not been domesticated like the domestic asian water buffalo . it is related to the american bison , which are typically also referred to as simply " buffalo . "
web accessibility is how easy it is to use the internet for people with disabilities.this can be different types of disabilities . for example , websites might have important information in a sound file with somebody reading it out loud , which would make it possible for people who are blind or who have trouble seeing to get the information . another way of making a website more accessible would be to remove an image with flashing lights , because such images could give some people seizures .
bibliomania can be a symptom of obsessive - compulsive disorder , by collecting of books to the point where social relations or health are in danger . it can be connected to stealing ( kleptomania ) of books.bibliomania is not to be confused with bibliophilia , which is the usual love of books.don quixote may be the most famous bibliomaniac in fiction .
alan kupperberg ( may 18 , 1953 – july 16 , 2015 ) was an american comic artist . he was known for working in both comic books and newspaper strips . he began writing and drawing for marvel comics in 1974 . kupperberg has done illustrations for archie comics , " national lampoon " , " cracked " magazine , " spy " , and mcclannahan books.kupperberg died in new york city from thyroid cancer , aged 62 .
nosrat karimi ( , 22 december 1924 – 3 december 2019 ) was an iranian actor , director , make - up artist , professor , scriptwriter , and sculptor . his career lasted for sixty years from 1965 through 2019 . he was best known for his role as agha joon in " my uncle napoleon " and " the carriage driver " . karimi was born in tehran.karimi died on 3 december 2019 in tehran at the age of 94 .
islamgarh ( ) ( or akhalgarh , where " akhal " means the immortal and " garh " means " place of " ) is a small new town near the village of chak haryam , that is close to the mangla dam and one of 25 towns in the union councils of pakistan is the chakswari tehsil , mirpur district of azad jammu and kashmir , pakistan . 10,082 people lived there in 1998 .
the chicago lakefront trail ( abbreviated as lft ) is a shared use path for walking jogging and cycling . it is located along the western shore of lake michigan in chicago , illinois . the trail passes through and connects chicago 's four major lakefront parks along with various beaches and recreational amenities . it also serves as a route for bicycle commuters.from north to south , it runs through lincoln park , grant park , burnham park , and jackson park .
all my children was an american soap opera set in a fictional suburb of philadelphia . susan lucci plays erica kane . other famous people have starred , including sarah michelle gellar . the show aired on abc for 43 years since its beginning until september 23 , 2011 when cancellation was announced on april 2011 . it was canceled on april 14 , 2011 along with " one life to live " due to low ratings and production costs . another series was shown in 2013 .
william edgar buchanan ii ( march 20 , 1903 – april 4 , 1979 ) was an american actor and singer . he was known for his role as uncle joe carson on the television sitcoms " petticoat junction " , " green acres " , and " the beverly hillbillies " of the 1960s . he was born in humansville , missouri.buchanan died on april 4 , 1979 in palm desert , california of a stroke caused by pneumonia , aged 76 .
the chicago air & water show is an annual air show held on the shore of lake michigan in chicago , illinois . the show has been held each year since 1959 and is chicago 's second most popular festival ( behind lollapalooza ) . in 2005 , 2,200,000 watched the chicago air and water show . the chicago air and water show is presented by the city of chicago and is the largest free show of its kind in the united states .
a private prison is a prison run by a private company instead of the government . the government hires the private prison company to perform all the services needed to keep the convicts locked up while they serve out their sentences.in the twenty - first century , many industries that were government - run before have become more privatized.reasons why some governments run private prisons are : however , many people do not like the idea of private prisons . the main reasons for this are :
the cucumber ( " cucumis sativus " ) is a widely grown plant in the family cucurbitaceae . this family also includes squash . a cucumber looks similar to a zucchini ( british english : courgette ) . to a botanist , cucumbers are biologically fruits even if they are commonly considered vegetables : that is their value as a food . they can be cooked , eaten raw , or pickled .
edward albert arthur woodward obe ( 1 june 1930 – 16 november 2009 ) was a british actor . he was born in croydon , london . his parents were working class . his television roles included the title characters in " callan " ( for which he won a bafta award ) and " the equalizer " ( for which he won a golden globe award ) . his movie roles include sergeant howie in " the wicker man " . he also acted on stage .
twisted metal iii ( also known by its former name twisted metal 3 ) is a vehicular combat video game that was both published and developed by 989 studios . it is the third game in the " twisted metal " series . it was only released on the playstation and was only released in north america . the game was released on october 31 , 1998 in north america for playstation . it was rereleased in 1999 as part of the sony greatest hits lineup .
robert wise ( september 10 , 1914 – september 14 , 2005 ) was an american movie director , editor and producer . he received academy awards for best director and best picture on both " west side story " ( 1961 ) and " the sound of music " ( 1965 ) . he is also known for directing " the day the earth stood still " . wise was born in winchester , indiana . he died in los angeles from heart failure four days after his 91st birthday .
an " ex post facto " law ( latin for " after the fact " or " from after the action " ) is a law that changes the legal consequences ( or status ) of actions that were committed before the law went into effect . in criminal law , an " ex post facto " law may criminalize actions that were legal at the time they were committed , or may make a crime worse by bringing it into a more severe category than it was in when it was committed .
armenia is officially the republic of armenia . it is a country in the south caucasus region of eurasia . it is in eastern europe on the armenian highlands , armenia is bordered by turkey to the west and georgia to the north . the " de facto " independent republic of artsakh and azerbaijan is to the east , and iran and azerbaijan 's exclave of nakhchivan to the south.armenia is a multi-party , democratic nation - state .
dance remixes is the first remix album by american rapper lil ' kim . it was released on june 6 , 2006 by atlantic records . the album has dance remixes of the two singles " lighters up " and " whoa " from kim 's fourth studio album " the naked truth " ( 2005 ) . it also has two remixes of " big momma thang " and a remix of " queen bitch " from kim 's debut album " hard core " ( 1996 ) .
varduhi varderesyan ( ; 19 march 1928 – 24 november , 2015 ) was an romanian - born armenian actress . she was born in bucharest , romania . in 2002 she was declared an honorary citizen of yerevan . she was known for her roles in " looking for the addressee " , " northern rainbow " , " hayrik " , and in " the journey " . varderesyan died in yerenvan , armenia at the age of 87 .
reel big fish is a ska punk band that started in 1992 in california . they have only ever played ska / rock music but moved more to a pop sound during the album " cheer up ! " they have had many different members since the start of the band , including two different singers and over 10 different horn players . they mainly got successful from the album " turn the radio off " , which had the single " sell out , " in 1997 , their most famous song .
lady susan is an early epistolary novel ( novel in letters ) by jane austen . it tells the story of an widow who does not care about the feelings of other men . she wrote it when she was writing her first version of " sense and sensibility " ( which was at that time called " elinor and marianne " ) , and which was also at first , like " lady susan " , written in letter form . she was at this time 20 years old .
dana zátopková ( ; née ingrová , 19 september 1922 – 13 march 2020 ) was a czech javelin thrower . she won the gold medal for javelin at the 1952 summer olympics and the silver medal in the 1960 summer olympics . her husband was czech olympic champion emil zátopek.she was the european champion in 1954 and 1958 . she also set a world record in 1958 ( 55.73 m ) when she was 35 , making her the oldest woman to break one in an outdoor athletics event .
caution is the fifteenth studio album by american singer and songwriter mariah carey . it was released on november 16 , 2018 , through epic records . carey collaborated with ty dolla sign , slick rick , blood orange and gunna on the album 's songs and worked with a variety of producers . it is her first studio album in four years , " caution " was praised upon release and appeared on several year - end lists and to promote the album carey went on the caution world tour
césar franck ( born liège , 10 december , 1822 ; died paris , november 8 , 1890 ) , was a composer , organist and music teacher of belgian and german origin who lived in france . he was one of the great musicians of his time . he was organist at the church of sainte clotilde in paris for more than 30 years , and he taught many talented young musicians . most of the music for which he is famous was composed when he was already quite old .
the iraqi invasion of kuwait was a military campaign to occupy kuwait in the persian gulf . started by saddam hussein in 1990 who accused kuwait of stealing iraqi oil through slant drilling . in august 2 , 1990 iraq launched 88,000 troops backed up by 750 tanks into kuwait . two days after the invasion kuwait was fully occupied and surrendered . saddam hussein made a temporary annexation of kuwait as the 19th province of iraq . it was not recognized by the united nations or other countries .
papua new guinea is an island country located on the pacific ocean . it is the east half of new guinea island , plus some nearby islands . the capital city of papua new guinea is port moresby . the population of papua new guinea are mostly the indigenous peoples of the island.the island is in both australasia and oceania , which are two different terms for the continent of islands in the pacific area . it borders indonesia to the west and near australia to the south .
dead man walking is a 1995 american drama movie . the subjects represented in this movie are capital punishment and murder . this was shot near new orleans , louisiana . susan sarandon plays sister helen prejean and sean penn plays a louisiana inmate on death row . " dead man walking " was well received by the movie critics . the budget was $ 11 million ; it got back $ 83 million in the box office . this movie was released in december 1995 in the american theaters .
the seoul lantern festival ( ) is a festival that takes place in seoul , south korea . it shows various themes through lanterns . it is hosted by the seoul metropolitan government and is organized by the seoul tourism organization . it has been celebrated every year since 2009 and has officially become an annual event . it is usually held from early in november and lasts 2 weeks . in 2012 , as 2.57 million people visited the festival , it gets to become the representative festival of seoul .
andriy mykhailovych bal ( , , " andrey mikhaylovich bal " ; 16 january 1958 – 9 august 2014 ) was a soviet and ukrainian football midfielder and coach.bal has played for the ussr national football team 20 times , and scored 1 goal . , a 20 - meter strike in the game against brazil at the 1982 fifa world cup in spain.bal died at 8 august 2014 during a football match of veteran teams as a result of a blood clot .
jessie lawrence ferguson ( june 8 , 1942 – april 26 , 2019 ) was an american screen actor . he was best known for roles in movies such as " all night long " ( 1981 ) , " prince of darkness " ( 1987 ) , " darkman " ( 1990 ) and " boyz n the hood " ( 1993 ) . he was born in the bronx , new york.ferguson died on april 26 , 2019 in palmdale , california . he was 76 .
hildegard hamm - brücher ( may 11 , 1921 – december 7 , 2016 ) was a german liberal politician . she was the federal state secretar from 1969 to 1972 and from 1977 to 1982 . in 1993 she became the free democratic party 's candidate for the federal presidency elections to be held the following year.hamm - brücher was born in essen , germany . she died in berlin , germany on december 7 , 2016 from congestive heart failure , aged 95 .
bussigny - sur - oron was a municipality in lavaux - oron in the canton of vaud , switzerland . on 1 january 2012 the municipalities of bussigny - sur - oron , châtillens , chesalles - sur - oron , ecoteaux , oron - la - ville , oron - le - châtel , palézieux , les tavernes , les thioleyres and vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality of oron .
philip morris glass ( born january 31 , 1937 ) is an american composer of modern music . he is one of the most influential music makers of the late 20th century.glass has created operas , music for quartets , dance , and much more . he is known for writing minimalist music.glass has described himself instead as a composer of " music with repetitive structures " . though his early music shares much with what is called " minimalist " , he has since evolved stylistically .
rock en español is a spanish language version of rock music . in english - speaking countries , people call spanish rock " rock en español " , while in spanish - speaking countries they call rock music " rock " . rock en español has music from the caribbean such as ska , reggae and soca . rock music began in 1956 when gloria ríos recorded " el relojito " . chicano rock are rock music sung by mexican americans , their version has r & b influences .
the ting tings are an english duo pop - retro rock indie band formed in england in 2004 . they are famous for the studio album " we started nothing " and famous for the hit pop singles " shut up and let me go " , " great dj " , " that 's not my name " , and " be the one " . the pop band is only a 2 member band with katie white and jules de martino . the band members met whilst at leeds university .
lester wunderman ( june 22 , 1920 – january 9 , 2019 ) was an american advertising executive . he was born in new york city . wunderman was known as the creator of modern - day direct marketing . he also created the magazine subscription card , the toll - free 1 - 800 number and loyalty rewards programs . he was added into the advertising hall of fame in 1998 . wunderman died on january 9 , 2019 at the age of 98 in new york city .
nectophrynoides is a genus of true toads . they live in eastern arc forests and wetlands in tanzania . all but " n. tornieri " are threatened . species of the genus are ovoviviparous : fertilization is internal , and the females give birth to fully developed , small toadlets . together with the west africa " nimbaphrynoides " , they are the only frogs / toads in the world that do not lay eggs .
the subtle knife is the second book of the " his dark materials " trilogy written by philip pullman and first published in 1997 . in the first world that lyra enters , lyra meets a boy of 12 years named will parry who comes from oxford of the reader 's universe and is escaping from the authorities . defending his sick mother he has accidentally killed a man.they travel through a silent world to resolve many mysteries . they begin to realize that there is something special about that world .
indiana university of pennsylvania ( or iup ) is a public university in the borough of indiana , pennsylvania , usa , northeast of pittsburgh . it is the largest university in the pennsylvania state system of higher education ( passhe ) and is the state 's fifth largest university . it is governed by a local council of trustees and the board of governors of the pennsylvania state system of higher education . iup has branch campuses at punxsutawney , northpointe , and monroeville .
mercy can refer both to a compassionate behavior on the part of those in power ( for example , " mercy " shown by a judge toward a criminal by not punishing him ( or her ) her as much as he ( or she ) might be punished ) or on the part of a compassionate third party ( e.g . a trip out of " mercy " trying to treat sick children in africa ) . the word is very common in several religions ( for example , the mercy of god ) .
alsager is a town and civil parish in cheshire , england . it is located in the borough of congleton , near to the border with staffordshire.in the 2011 census , the town had a population of 11,775 . in 2007 , alsager was awarded fairtrade town status by the fairtrade foundation.despite the town 's staffordshire postcode and crewe dialling code , it is its own town , and is not part of crewe or stoke - on - trent .
pumice is a term for a lightweight volcanic rock.it is a solidified frothy lava , created when highly - heated , pressured molten rock is shot out from a volcano . its light weight is due to air spaces , which are caused by fast cooling and loss of pressure . the loss of pressure makes bubbles by lowering the boiling point of the lava ( like the bubble - creation when a carbonated drink is opened ) . the cooling then freezes the bubbles in the matrix .
steven browning sample ( november 29 , 1940 – march 29 , 2016 ) was the 10th president of the university of southern california ( usc ) . he became president in 1991 and was succeeded by c.l . max nikias on august 3 , 2010 . before he was president at usc , he held the same position at the university at buffalo ( ub ) in the state university of new york ( suny ) system from 1982 to 1991 . he was succeeded by william r. greiner .
hoyerswerda ( upper sorbian : wojerecy , lower sorbian : wórjejce ) is a city in the north of the saxonian upper lusatia , lying north east of cottbus and from dresden , ( saxony ) . it is in the sorbian settlement area . the city is one of the six centers of the free state of saxony and is a member of the euroregion neisse , a group which helps international trade and cooperation in the area .
bootylicious is a song sung by r & b girl group destiny 's child . it is on their third album " survivor " 2001 and was the second single from the album . it was their fourth u.s. number - one single and reached the top - five in australia , canada and the united kingdom . the music video was directed by matthew rolston.the word " bootylicious " is a combination of " booty " ( buttocks ) and " " .
from here to eternity is a 1953 american world war ii romantic drama movie . it was directed by fred zinnemann . the movie is based on the novel of the same name by james jones . actors include frank sinatra , deborah kerr , donna reed , montgomery clift , burt lancaster , ernest borgnine , jack warden , philip ober , and mickey shaughnessy . it was distributed by columbia pictures . it was nominated for 13 oscars and won 8 academy awards in 1954 .
lionel blair ( born henry lionel ogus ; 12 december 1928 ) is a canadian - born british actor , choreographer , tap dancer and television presenter.he appeared in " the limping man " ( 1953 ) , " the world of suzie wong " ( 1960 ) , " the cool mikado " ( 1963 ) , " the beauty jungle " ( 1964 ) , " a hard day 's night " ( 1964 ) , " maroc 7 " ( 1967 ) and " absolute beginners " ( 1986 ) .
arash sadeghi ( farsi : آرش صادقی ) is an iranian activist and political prisoner . he stated a hunger strike on october 24 , 2016 after his wife , golrokh ebrahimi iraee went to prison for an unpublished story on her computer about a woman watching a movie about a stoning . the government promised to let her out of prison until her case was reviewed , but after sadeghi ended his hunger strike , they took her back to prison .
communication is when information is passed from a sender to a recipient using a medium . there are different media that can be used : communication can be spoken ( a word ) or non-spoken ( a smile ) . communication has many ways , and happens all the time . not only humans communicate , most other animals do too . some communication is done without thinking , such as by changing in posture.communication that tries to change somebody 's mind may be called persuasion or propaganda .
essex county is a county in the northeastern part of the state of massachusetts . as of the 2010 census , the total population was 743,159 . it is the third-most populous county in the state . it is part of the greater boston area ( the boston – cambridge – newton , ma – nh metropolitan statistical area ) . the largest city in essex county is lynn . the county was named after the english county of essex . it has two traditional county seats : salem and lawrence .
diane helen wood middlebrook ( april 16 , 1939 – december 15 , 2007 ) was an american biographer , poet , and teacher . she taught feminist studies for many years at stanford university . she was best known for writing biographies of poets anne sexton and sylvia plath ( along with plath 's husband ted hughes ) , and jazz musician billy tipton . she was born in pocatello , idaho.middlebrook died in san francisco , california from liposarcoma , aged 68 .
the imperia tower is a building in moscow , russia . the building is part of the moscow international business center . the building has a hotel , business center , offices and even private apartments . the building is 60 floors . the business space is from floors 2 to 3 , the hotel area is from floors 33 to 41 and the private apartments are from floors 40 to 60 . the building also has a great view of the full city of moscow.the parking area can hold 1,435 cars .
caroline lucas is a british politician . she is the current member of parliament ( mp ) for brighton pavilion . she was the leader of the green party of england and wales from september 2008 to september 2012 . she was later co-leader of the party with jonathan bartley from september 2016 to september 2018 . she is the uk 's first ever green mp . she was first elected as an mp in the united kingdom general election , 2010 and then re-elected in 2015 and again in 2017 .
sir james mitchell ( 27 april 1866 – 26 july 1951 ) was the 13th premier of western australia from 17 may 1919 to 15 april 1924 and again from 24 april 1930 to 24 april 1933 . he was from the nationalist party . after he was premier he became the acting governor of western australia until 1948 when he was made the governor . he retired as governor one month before he died . the mitchell freeway , one of the major roads in perth ( the capital city of western australia ) , is named after him .
abdulhussain abdulredha ( 15 july 1939 – 11 august 2017 ) , ( ) was a kuwaiti actor , famous and prominent in the middle east in particular . abdulredha is best known for his personality of sarcastic humor that made a mockery of the arab situation comedy template . he was one of the founders of the arab theater in 1961 and the national theatre in 1976 , as the year 1984 established a special brigade theatre arts.on 11 august 2017 , abdulredha died in london aged 78 .
dennis w. day ( july 12 , 1942 — july 17 , 2018 ) was an american actor , singer , dancer and theater director . he was best known as one of the original cast members of " the mickey mouse club " . after ending his career as a child actor , he went on to work as a theater director before relocating to oregon in the 1980s . day disappeared in july 2018 and was found dead several months later at his home in phoenix , oregon . a roommate was charged with his death in 2019 .
carl tacy ( – april 2 , 2020 ) was an american college basketball coach at wake forest . he was the head coach from 1972 to 1985 where he had a 222 - 149 record , the second winningest record at that time . in 1985 , he was added into the wake forest hall of fame . from 1971 to 1972 , he was the head basketball coach at marshall where he had a 23 - 4 ( .852 ) record.tacy died on april 2 , 2020 at the age of 86 .
a union representative , union steward or shop steward is an employee of an organization or company who represents and defends the interests of her / his fellow employees but who also works for a trades union.ordinary members of the union are elected to this position by fellow workers or sometimes by appointment of a higher union body . while working as a representative , they keep their role as an employee of the company.as a result , the union steward becomes an important link and source of information between the union leadership and ordinary workers .
a record chart ( sometimes called a music chart ) is a way of giving music a rank . the rank comes from the popularity of the music . the " billboard " hot 100 is a popular chart . the information on charts comes from some different sources , like the number of objects sold , the number of times a song was played on radio , the number of times a song or album was downloaded , and other criteria . charts are sometimes made for a special genre , for example " top 10 rock songs " .
lynn rachel redgrave , obe ( 8 march 1943 – 2 may 2010 ) was a golden globe award winning english actress . she has been nominated for many other awards including the academy , bafta and emmy awards . redgrave starred in many movies and plays as well as working on television . she made her broadway debut in 1967 . she was the sister of actress vanessa redgrave and actor corin redgrave . she was an aunt of actresses natasha richardson and joely richardson . redgrave died of breast cancer .
madame x is the fourteenth studio album by american recording artist madonna . it was released on june 14 , 2019 . the first single , " medellín " , features colombian singer maluma and was released on april 17 , 2019 . the album became madonna 's ninth number - one album in the us when it entered at the top of the " billboard " 200 chart with 95,000 equivalent units sold in its first week ( including streams ) . her last us number - one album was " mdna " in 2012 .
john james monckton ( 28 october 1937 – 29 june 2017 ) was an australian backstroke swimmer . he won a silver medal in the 100 - metre event at the 1956 summer olympics in melbourne . although he set multiple world records , he never won an olympic gold medal . he was born in armidale , new south wales.monckton was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1999 . monckton died in nambucca heads , new south wales on 29 june 2017 at the age of 79 .
gordon david sondland ( born july 16 , 1957 ) is an american diplomat and businessman . he was the united states ambassador to the european union from 2018 to 2020 . sondland is also the founder and former chairman of provenance hotels and co-founder of the merchant bank aspen capital . in november 2019 , sondland testified as a witness at the impeachment inquiry against donald trump . he was fired by trump on february 7 , 2020 , two days after trump 's impeachment trial ended .
the cheongyang chili pepper is one of the hottest chili pepper species ( " capsicum annum " ) . it is grown in korea . it is a genetically improved strain of thai and jeju - do chili peppers . it was developed by dr.il - ung yoo in 1983 . cheongyang chili peppers have 10,000 ~ 23,000 scoville heat units in average.the name cheongyang comes from the name of the county , cheongsong and yeongyang .
fish and chips is a traditional british food that originally came from the uk . it is a popular kind of fast food in some parts of the world . as the name says , it is made of chips and a deep fried fish fillet.shops and restaurants that have fish and chips are easy to find in england and wales . they are common in british cities . the first fish and chips were found in the east end of london in the late 19th century . so they are not as traditional as we think .
the dominion of pakistan was an independent federal dominion in south asia that was created in 1947 in the partition of british india into two sovereign dominions ( the other being the union of india ) . the dominion included modern - day pakistan ( called west pakistan ) and bangladesh ( east pakistan ) . it was supposed to be a homeland for the muslims of the indian sub-continent . it became the islamic republic of pakistan in 1956 . the eastern part of the country became independent as the people 's republic of bangladesh in 1971 .
the secret of nimh 2 : timmy to the rescue is a 1998 american direct - to - video animated movie . it is the sequel to " the secret of nimh " produced by metro - goldwyn - mayer animation . it tells the story of a mouse named timothy brisby , the youngest son of jonathan and mrs. brisby , who goes to thorn valley wanting to become a hero like his father.the movie was made without the support of don bluth , the animator who created the original movie .
the kea ( " nestor notabilis " ) is a large species of parrot found in forested and alpine regions of the south island of new zealand . it is mostly olive - green and has a large narrow curved grey - brown upper beak . the kea is the only alpine parrot in the world.kea are known for their intelligence and curiosity , both needed for their survival in a harsh mountain environment.kea like playing with human objects . they like to tear the rubber off car windows and moving around traffic cones !
andrea calogero camilleri ( ; 6 september 1925 – 17 july 2019 ) was an italian novelist and television writer . he was born in porto empedocle , italy . he was known for writing the inspector montalbano crime novel series . he also wrote the television series " le inchieste del commissario maigret " . camilleri suffered a heart attack in june 2019 and was placed under critical condition . he died a month later on 17 july 2019 at a rome hospital , aged 93 .
george peter alexander healy ( 1813 – 1894 ) was an american painter . he is mostly known for the portraits he made , he made portraits of daniel webster , henry clay , john c. calhoun , arnold henri guyot , william h. seward and louis philippe . he also made portraits of the us presidents from john quincy adams bis ulysses s. grant . his works also include " the peacemakers " ( 1868 ) and " abraham lincoln " ( 1869 ) . he died , aged 80 , on june 24 , 1894 in chicago .
yekaterina aleksandrovna gamova ( ; born 17 october 1980 ) is a russian volleyball player . she was a member of the russian team that won the gold medals at the fivb volleyball world championships in 2006 and 2010 . she was also a member of the russian team that won silver medals in both the athens 2004 and sydney 2000 olympic games . gamova is tall with an eu shoe size of 49 . this makes her one of the tallest female athletes in the world . her role is outside hitter / opposite .
the caledonian railway ( cr ) was a major scottish railway company . it was formed in the early 19th century to form a link between english railways and glasgow . it steadily extended its network and reached edinburgh and aberdeen . it also had a dense network of branch lines in the area surrounding glasgow . it was absorbed by the london , midland and scottish railway in 1923 under the railways act 1921 . many of its main routes are still used . the original main line between carlisle and glasgow is now part of the west coast main line .
charlotte perrelli ( born anna jenny charlotte nilsson on october 7 , 1974 in hovmantorp , kronobergs län ) is a swedish singer , television host and actress , perhaps most famous for winning melodifestivalen 1999 and subsequently the eurovision song contest 1999 with her song " take me to your heaven " . since then she has released six singles and four albums . perrelli won melodifestivalen 2008 on march 15 , she represented sweden in the eurovision song contest 2008 in belgrade , serbia .
aahoo jahansouz " sarah " shahi ( ; born january 10 , 1980 ) is an american television actress and former nfl cheerleader . she played kate reed in the usa network legal drama " fairly legal " in 2011 – 12 , carmen on " the l word " in 2008 , and also starred as sameen shaw on the cbs crime drama " person of interest " . shahi has also appeared as the main female role det . dani reese in " life " , and in a supporting role in " alias " .
marina charlotte kalla ( born 22 july 1987 in tärendö , sweden ) is a swedish cross-country skier . she has competed at the international level since the 2003 - 2004 season . she won a bronze medal at the women 's 4 x 5 kilometre relay event during the fis nordic world ski championships 2009 in liberec in the czech republic.on 6 january 2008 , she won the second edition of the tour de ski event.on 6 may 2012 , she signed for piteå elit for the 2012/2013 season .
anna proclemer ( 30 may 1923 – 25 april 2013 ) was an italian actress . she was known for her role in " our goddess " . proclemer was born on 30 may 1923 in trento , italy . she studied at rome university . proclemer was married to vitaliano brancati from 1946 until his death in 1954 . they had one daughter . she was partners with actor giorgio albertazzi . proclemer died on 25 april 2013 from natural causes in rome , italy , aged 89 .
tadeusz konwicki ( 22 june 1926 – 7 january 2015 ) was a polish screenwriter and movie director . he was a member of the polish language council . he was known for his movies " a tale of adam mickiewicz 's ' forefathers ' eve " , " kronika wypadków milosnych " and " mother joan of the angels " . konwicki was born in present day naujoji vilnia , lithuania.konwicki died in warsaw , poland , aged 88 .
a librarian is a person responsible for selecting , organizing , and delivering information materials in a variety of formats such as electronic databases , primary source materials , or printed books . librarians also teach people to find and evaluate information found on the world wide web using internet search tools and strategies . librarians may work in different areas . purchasing materials , putting them into categories , teaching , assisting people with questions , and working with information technology are a few of the possible specializations.the role of a librarian varies across different types of libraries and locations .
john walton ( 1953 – 17 july 2014 ) was an australian actor . he mostly appeared in miniseries and in soap operas.walton was born in sydney , new south wales.he was best known for his role as doctor craig rothwell in the television soap opera " the young doctors " during 1976 and 1977 . he also appeared in the miniseries " bodyline " . walton took the part of sir charles kingsford smith in the australian mini-series " a thousand skies " . walton died after a long illness in sydney , aged 62 .
scott mills ( born 28 march 1974 ) is a british radio dj . he has his own daily show on bbc radio 1 . he is also a television presenter and an actor . he was born in southampton.scott mills began working at 16 in a local radio in hampshire . he joined bbc radio 1 in 1998 . in may 2004 was given a slot on weekday early - evenings to cover for sara cox who was about to have a baby . he now has a slot everyday in the afternoon.mills is openly gay .
postcards from buster is a 2004 tv show . it first aired on october 11 , 2004 on pbs . it is the spin - off of arthur . it ended on february 24 , 2012 . the show is about a rabbit that is a child that likes to eat junk food , watch bionic bunny , and play video games.a 2005 episode of postcards from buster , called “ sugartime ! ” was banned because it contained a gay couple said by children buster was talking to.buster is voiced by daniel brochu .
nystagmus , often called " dancing eyes " , is an eye condition which causes uncontrolled , rapid , jerky , movement of the eyes , usually from side to side , but sometimes up and down or in a circular motion . most people with nystagmus have poor vision . it causes problems in education , employment and many social situations . nystagmus can not be fixed by spectacles or contact lenses , although many people with nystagmus wear glasses or contact lenses to correct other eye problems .
jacqueline wells ( later julie bishop ( august 30 , 1914 – august 30 , 2001 ) was an american actress . she appeared in over 80 movies between 1923 and 1957 . she also acted on television . she began her career as a child actress . she played myrtle reed in the movie " lady gangster " . she played a stewardess in " princess o'rourke " . bishop also acted on stage.the actress was born in denver , colorado . she died in mendocino , california on her 87th birthday from pneumonia .
phase 2 ( born lonny wood ; august 2 , 1955 – december 13 , 2019 ) was an american aerosol artist . he was born in new york city . he was known as member of the zulu nation . he was active in the 1970s . phase 2 was known for creating the " bubble letter " style of graffiti writing . he was also influential in the early hip hop scene.phase 2 died on december 13 , 2019 in new york city from lou gehrig 's disease - related problems , aged 64 .
donn alan " d . a . " pennebaker ( , july 15 , 1925 – august 1 , 2019 ) was an american documentary filmmaker . he was one of the pioneers of direct cinema . performing arts and politics are his subjects . his subjects cover events of the 1960s . in 2012 , the academy of motion picture arts and sciences recognized his body of work with an academy honorary award or " lifetime oscar " . pennebaker died at his home in sag harbor , new york on august 1 , 2019 , aged 94 .
hans schneider ( 24 january 1927 - 28 october 2014 ) was an austrian - american mathematician , and james joseph sylvester emeritus professor at the university of wisconsin – madison . he was the first president of the international matrix group ( 1987 - 1990 ) and it successor , the international linear algebra society ( 1990 – 1996 ) . schneider was a founding editor ( 1968 - 1972 ) and then editor - in - chief of " linear algebra and its applications ( 1972 - 2012 ) " . he was also an advisory editor of the " electronic journal of linear algebra " .
the althing ( ) is the national parliament of iceland . it is the oldest legislature in the world that still exists . it was founded in 930 at thingvellir ( the " assembly fields " ) , which is almost east of iceland 's capital , reykjavík . when the althing was formed , that was the beginning of iceland as a country.iceland is divided into six electoral constituencies . each constituency elects nine members . another nine seats are divided between parties based on how many people in the whole country voted for them .
michele castoro ( 14 january 1952 – 5 may 2018 ) was a roman catholic archbishop . castoro was born in oria , italy.castoro was ordained to the priesthood in 1975 . he served as bishop of the roman catholic diocese of oria from 200 to 2009 . he then served as archbishop of the roman catholic archdiocese of manfredonia - vieste - s. giovanni rotondo , italy , from 2009 until 2018 . castoro died in apulia , italy on 5 may 2018 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 66 .
the president of the senate of spain is the speaker of the spanish senate , the upper house of spain 's cortes generales . it is the fourth leading political figure of the country after the monarch ( head of state ) , the prime minister ( head of government ) and the president of the congress of deputies ( speaker of the lower house ) . he / she is elected by members of the senate.as of the 14th term of the cortes generales , the current officeholder is pilar llop , a member of the socialist parliamentary group representing madrid .
a goldsmith is a person who makes objects using gold or other precious metals .5,000 years ago , ancient sumerians made bowls out of gold . people have long used gold for making jewelry or sacred objects used in religious worship.in medieval europe goldsmiths often acted as bankers.goldsmiths use methods such as soldering , sawing , forging , casting , and polishing to make things out of gold . goldsmiths traditionally teach their trade to apprentices . today , jewelry arts schools teach goldsmithing and other similar skills .
bionic woman is a science fiction television series which started on the nbc network on september 26 , 2007 . the series is a modern version of the 1976 " the bionic woman " series.the series is about jaime sommers , a bartender who is hurt in a car accident . her boyfriend , will anthros , brings her to a secret laboratory . jaime 's life is saved , but will has to replace her legs , right arm , eye and ear with mechanical parts . jaime has to adjust to her new life as a superhero .
this is spinal tap is a 1984 comedy movie . this movie pretends to be a documentary . it pretends to tell the story of a rock band called " spinal tap . " in the movie , the members of this band are david st. hubbins , derek smalls and nigel tufnel . they are played by actors michael mckean , harry shearer , and christopher guest.rob reiner directed the movie and also acted in it . he pretended to be marty dibergi , director of the documentary .
flamingos ( ) are types of birds . they are noisy birds and they live in big groups called flocks . flamingos are wading birds . this means they live by water , such as lakes.they are in the genus phoenicopterus and family phoenicopteridae . there are six species of flamingo . two of species are found in africa , europe and asia . the other four are found in north america and south america . flamingos are not found in england unless in zoos .
ernst carel bakker ( 16 april 1946 in hellendoorn – 8 february 2014 in hilversum ) was a dutch politician of democrats 66 ( d66 ) . bakker was merely active in local politics . he served as a councillor of amsterdam for several years , and was also an alderman from 1992 to 1998 . afterwards he was mayor of hilversum from 1998 to 2011 . in between he was for a brief period a member of the house of representatives , from 1981 to 1982 . bakker died at the age of 67 in 2014 .
the division of murray was an australian electoral division in the state of victoria.it was located in the north of the state , next to the murray river , which forms victoria 's border with new south wales . it included the towns of shepparton , echuca , cobram , yarrawonga , boort and bridgewater.murray was created in 1949 . it was named after the murray river , which itself was named after british secretary of state for war and the colonies sir george murray.the division was abolished in 2019 and renamed nicholls .
edmund valentine white iii ( born january 13 , 1940 ) is an american novelist , memoirist and essayist . most of his writings are on the topic same - sex relationships . his books include " the joy of gay sex " ( 1977 ) ( written with charles silverstein ) , " a boy 's own story " ( 1982 ) , " the beautiful room is empty " ( 1988 ) and " the farewell symphony " ( 1997 ) . white was born in cincinnati , ohio . he is hiv - positive . he married writer michael carroll in 2013 .
the souls series is a series of action rpgs made by hidetaka miyazaki and fromsoftware . the games in the series are " demon 's souls " and the three " dark souls " games . king 's field , bloodborne , and are similarly made games also made by from software , but they not part of the series . the games are made cheaply , which allowed the games to make a lot of money even if they did not sell as well as some other games . below are the features in all the games .
bathing is putting the body into a fluid , most often water , or a solution with water . usually it is done for hygiene or for religious purposes , or for fun . sometimes bathing is also done as a form of therapy.when people talk about bathing , they most often mean being immersed in water . but people have also " bathed " in other substances . some therapies involve bathing in mud . people have also bathed in other substances , like champagne , beans , or chocolate . a form of bathing quite common is bathing in sunlight .
alan harrison berg ( january 1 , 1934 – june 18 , 1984 ) was an american jewish attorney and talk radio show host in denver , colorado . he was born in chicago , illinois . berg was known for his mostly liberal views . his programs could be received in more than 30 states . he was lastly hired by koa and debuted on february 23 , 1981 . he worked at koa until his death.on june 18 , 1984 , berg was fatally shot , aged 50 , in the driveway of his denver home by members of the white nationalist group .
edsger wybe dijkstra ( may 11 , 1930 – august 6 , 2002 ; ) was a dutch computer scientist . he received the 1972 turing award for fundamental contributions to developing programming languages , and was the schlumberger centennial chair of computer sciences at the university of texas at austin from 1984 until 2000 . shortly before his death in 2002 , he received the acm podc influential paper award in distributed computing for his work on self - stabilization of program computation . this annual award was renamed the dijkstra prize the following year , in his honor .
mark jermaine clayton ( born july 2 , 1982 ) is a former american football player . he played as a wide receiver for the st. louis rams of the national football league . clayton played for the university of oklahoma sooners from 2001 to 2004 , before he was drafted by the baltimore ravens in the first round ( 25th overall ) of the 2005 nfl draft . clayton 's best season was in 2006 with baltimore , when he had 67 catches , 939 receiving yards , and five touchdowns . clayton struggled with injuries in his two seasons with st. louis .
the mouth is an opening in the face and is the first part of the alimentary canal ( digestive system ) . it is the place where the chewing of food occurs . the mouth has teeth to help chew the food.in addition to its primary role as the beginning of the digestive system , in humans the mouth also plays a significant role in communication . the tongue , lips , and jaw , which are parts of the mouth , are needed to produce the range of sounds included in human language . people also kiss and show their emotions with the mouth .
screaming trees were an american grunge band from ellensburg , washington.the band was formed in 1985 by brothers gary lee conner and van conner . the band formed because the members had an interest in the punk , garage , and classic rock genres in high school.they released their debut album , " clairvoyance " , on january 1 , 1986 . the band gained fame from the early 1990s grunge movement along with bands like alice in chains , nirvana , stone temple pilots , soundgarden and pearl jam . the band broke up in 2000 .
the surrender of imperial japan was announced by japanese emperor hirohito on august 15 and formally signed on september 2 , 1945 . this ended world war ii.by the end of july 1945 , the imperial japanese navy ( ijn ) was not able to carry major operations and an allied invasion of japan was near.together with the british empire and china , the united states called for the unconditional surrender of the japanese armed forces in the potsdam declaration on july 26 , 1945 . a key factor in japan 's surrender were the atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki .
ravi shankar ( 7 april 1920 – 11 december 2012 ) was one of india 's most famous musicians . shankar was one of the first to bring aspects of traditional indian music into europe and united states | american culture in the 1960s . he was a major influence on george harrison , who was a member of the beatles . shankar is famous for playing the sitar , an indian stringed instrument . he performed until his death . in 2005 he played at the proms . his daughters norah jones and anoushka shankar are also well - known musicians .
metroid prime is a first - person action - adventure video game made by retro studios and published by nintendo for the nintendo gamecube game console . it is the first 3d " metroid " game , and it had a lot of controversy over it . it has had a lot of follow - up titles . it has had two sequels called " " and " " , a side game called " metroid prime hunters " , and a spin - off called " metroid prime pinball " . it takes place after " metroid " , but before " " .
conversion therapy is treatment to change a person from homosexual to heterosexual . such treatments have been criticized for being a form of pseudoscience . conversion therapy has been controversial in some countries , including the united states.the american psychiatric association has criticized the treatments . they say the treatments are unreliable.the highest - profile contemporary supporters for conversion therapy are christian fundamentalists and other religious organizations . this therapy has been ridiculed by critics as " pray the gay away " . use of the therapy on minors is not allowed in new jersey , california and washington d.c. .
cosimo ii de ' medici ( 12 may 1590 – 28 february 1621 ) was grand duke of tuscany from 1609 until 1621 . he was the elder son of ferdinando i de ' medici , grand duke of tuscany and christine of lorraine . he married maria magdalena of austria and had eight children . galileo galilei was his childhood tutor.for the most of his eleven - year reign , he delegated the administration of tuscany to his ministers . he is best remembered as the patron of galileo galilei , his childhood tutor.he died of tuberculosis in 1621 .
edmund ignatius rice ( ; 1 june 1762 – 29 august 1844 ) , was a roman catholic missionary and educator . rice was the founder of two religious institutes of monks . in 1808 rice and several friends took religious s and became the presentation brothers . in 1822 , as brother ignatius , he was elected superior general of the irish christian brothers.in 1779 he became his uncle 's apprentice in a merchant business . rice inherited the business about 1790 after his uncle died . he became a successful businessman . after his wife died he dedicated his life and wealth to helping the poor .
larry siegel ( october 29 , 1925 – august 20 , 2019 ) was an american comedy writer , playwright and satirist . he was born in new york city . he wrote for television , stage , magazines , records , and books . he won three emmys as head writer during four seasons of " the carol burnett show " . he was one of " mad magazine " top movie satire writers . he also wrote for playboy magazine.siegel died of problems caused by parkinson 's disease on august 20 , 2019 in los angeles , california at the age of 93 .
leukodystrophies are disorders which affect the white matter of the brain and the nervous system . nerves are surrounded by fatty cover of a substance called myelin . in a leukodystrophy , there are problems with the growth or the development of this cover . this affects the function of the respective nerve . myelin is made of at least ten different chemicals . leukodystrophy is a gene defect . as a result of this defect , one of the molecules that make up myelin can not be synthesized as it should .
kidney stone disease , also known as urolithiasis , is when a solid piece of material ( kidney stone ) happens in the urinary tract . kidney stones typically form in the kidney and leave the body during urination . a small stone may pass without causing symptoms . if a stone grows to more than it can cause blockage of the ureter resulting in severe pain in the lower back or abdomen . a stone may also result in blood in the urine , vomiting , or painful urination . about half of people will have another stone within ten years .
chhota bheem is an indian animated comedy adventure television series . the series created by rajiv chilaka . premiered in 2008 on pogo tv , it focuses on adventures of a boy named bheem and his friends in the fictional kingdom of dholakpur . in this series , bheem and his friends are usually involved in protecting raja indravarma , the king of dholakpur and his kingdom from various evil forces . sometimes they also help other kingdoms . it is one of the most popular animated series for children in india .
installation art is a style of visual art that uses three - dimensional objects . these artworks are usually meant to change the perception of a space ( the way a space is seen ) . installation artworks can be permanent or temporary and are shown in museums , galleries or in public spaces.some of the earliest installation artworks were marcel duchamp 's " readymade " objects . however , the real development started in the 1970s . today , with the improvement of technology , artists use and mix new medias and may involve sensors too in order to make the visitors interact with the installations .
the independence day of ukraine ( ukrainian : день незалежності україни ) is the main state holiday in ukraine . it is held on august 24 , remembering the ukrainian declaration of independence of 1991 . it was first celebrated on 16 july 1991 , as the first anniversary of the declaration of state sovereignty of ukraine . since the declaration of independence was issued later , and confirmed by a referendum on 1 december 1991 , the date of the holiday was changed . starting in 2004 , 23 august is celebrated as the day of the national flag .
the gmc terrain is a four - door crossover suv . it is sold by gmc and is their smallest suv to date . the terrain replaced the pontiac torrent and was sold in the same dealership that replaced the pontiac brand . while it rides on the same platform as the equinox the terrain bares a different look and resembles that of an suv . the terrain was shown at the 2009 new york international auto show and was sold in mexico . the marque for the terrain is also known as a rebadged opel antara in the middle east .
siriporn ampaipong ( alternative spelling : siriporn umpaipong ; ; , birth name sirima amken ; ; ; born monday december 7 , 1964 ) is a " mor lam " and " luk thung " singer from the isan region of thailand.siriporn ampaipong was born into a family of " mor lam " singers in udon thani province . most of her songs are sentimental ballads . she has released eight hit albums between 2001 and 2004 , and is regarded as one of thailand 's most popular folk singers .
the turkic languages are a language family of some thirty languages . they are spoken by turkic peoples across an area from eastern europe and the mediterranean to siberia and western and northern china . traditionally people think that they are part of the altaic language family.turkic languages are spoken by some 180 million people as a native language ; and the total number of turkic speakers is about 200 million , including speakers as a second language . the turkic language with the greatest number of speakers is turkish proper , or anatolian turkish . the speakers of this language are about 40 % of all turkic speakers .
michael " mick " mcgeough ( pronounced " mik - gooh " ; june 20 , 1956 – november 23 , 2018 ) was an ice hockey referee . he officiated in the national hockey league ( nhl ) , wearing number 19 from the 1994 – 95 nhl season until his retirement in 2008 . he was born in regina , saskatchewan.in retirement he began helping the nhl bring up new referee recruits from the american hockey league and was named to the saskatchewan hockey hall of fame in 2013 . mcgeough died of a stroke on november 23 , 2018 in regina , aged 62 .
naresh chandra ( 1 august 1934 – 9 july 2017 ) was an indian politician . he was born in allahabad , uttar pradesh , india . he served as the 20th cabinet secretary of india from 1990 through 1992 , the 13th governor of gujarat from 1995 through 1996 and as the 19th indian ambassador to the united states from 1996 through 2001 . chandra was awarded india 's second highest civil awards , the padma vibhushan , for his service in 2007 . chandra died at a hospital in panaji , goa , india of multiple organ failure on 9 july 2017 at the age of 82 .
the operation cornflakes occurred in february – march 1945 during world war ii . it was a military propaganda provocation operation of the american intelligence in the enemy territory . fake stamps similar to real issues of german postage stamps were produced and spread in the hostile territory . in philatelic terms , they are illegal and have status of forgeries , falsification ( fakes ) or cinderellas . the specific case of passage by mail was an interesting operation of intelligence ; otherwise , stamps in the circulation would be identified and destroyed by post employees and / or intelligence agencies of victim state .
a diocese is an area of land under the charge of a bishop . he looks after the religious needs of the christians who live there . the bishop organises the work of the church in the area , and is responsible for all the ministers ( priests ) in his area . another word for diocese is see , or even ' episcopal see ' . the diocese is the key geographical unit of religious authority in the church . archbishops have an archdiocese . inside each diocese are a number of parishes . each parish is the area supervised by a local priest , and is part of the diocese .
terneuzen , zeelandic and east flemish : " terneuzen " or " neuzen " , is a municipality and town in zeeuws - vlaanderen , province of zeeland , the netherlands.about 55,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017 . about 25,000 people were living in the town in 2015 . the municipality borders the western scheldt , and the belgian province of east flanders.terneuzen received city rights in 1584 . the south entrance of the western scheldt tunnel is in terneuzen .
robert e. white ( september 21 , 1926 – january 13 , 2015 ) was an american career diplomat . he served as u.s . ambassador to paraguay from 1977 until 1980 and to el salvador from 1980 until 1981 . he later became president of the center for international policy.white was born in melrose , massachusetts . he served in the u.s. navy from 1944 to 1946 . he was married to mary - anne white and had five grown children.white died on january 13 , 2015 in arlington , virginia from prostate and bladder cancer , aged 88 .
kjell magne bondevik ( ; born 3 september 1947 ) is a norwegian lutheran minister and politician ( christian democratic party ) . he served as prime minister of norway from 1997 to 2000 , and from 2001 to 2005 . he is norway 's longest serving non-labour party prime minister since world war ii.on 31 january 2017 , he was the first high - ranking politician from another country detained and questioned in the united states as a result of president donald trump 's executive orders banning immigration from seven predominantly muslim nations , because of a diplomatic visit to iran he had made in 2014 .
selima ahmed ( born 7 july 1960 ) is a bangladeshi politician and businesswoman . she is the vice chairperson of nitol - niloy group and the founder and president of bangladesh women chamber of commerce and industry ( bwcci ) . she serves as board member of state - owned janata bank limited and former board member of sonali bank limited . in 2014 she won the oslo business for peace award for her contribution in business . she is a global ambassador of the international alliance for women ( tiaw ) and also a course teacher of mba class in university of dhaka .
royal rumble ( 2008 ) was a wrestling ppv that took place in new york city , new york at madison square garden . it was the 21nd royal rumble event . the event had the twenty - first yearly royal rumble match as the main event , which john cena won . one of the matches was randy orton defending his wwe championship against jeff hardy . another was , edge defending his world heavyweight championship against rey mysterio . another match was , john " bradshaw " layfield wrestling against chris jericho . the last match was ric flair wrestling against m.v.p .
cleaner shrimp is a generic term for any swimming decapod crustacean that cleans other organisms of parasites . this is an example of symbiosis : both parties benefit . the fish benefit because they have parasites removed , and the shrimp gain the nutritional value of the parasites . in many coral reefs , there are cleaning stations , with many cleaning shrimps.this behaviour is similar to that of cleaner fish . sometimes , cleaer shrimp join cleaner wrasse and other cleaner fish.cleaner shrimp are often included in salt water aquaria to keep the tank clean .
the docklands light railway ( dlr ) is a light metro or light rail system in london , england . it opened on 31 august 1987 to serve the redeveloped docklands area of east london . it currently covers several areas of london . to the north , it reaches stratford . to the south , lewisham . to the west , tower gateway and bank in the city of london financial district . to the east , beckton , london city airport and woolwich arsenal . the dlr is fully computer operated . it is automated and the only job is the emergency stop button .
hans reffert ( 19 july 1946 – 21 february 2016 ) was a german musician and composer . he was best known for his work with guru guru , reffert was involved with a number of ensembles , including flute & voice , zauberfinger , sanfte liebe and schrammel & slide.reffert studied guitar with sigi schwab and flute and composition in mannheim . he also created commissioned works for the national theatre mannheim and other theaters , as well as for cinema and television productions.reffert died in mannheim on 21 february 2016 . he was aged 69 .
meadowbank stadium ( meadowbank sports centre ) is a multi-purpose sports facility in edinburgh , scotland . it was originally built to host the 1970 commonwealth games . it also hosted the games in 1986 , the first venue to host the games twice.the stadium is the home ground of scottish football league team meadowbank thistle . the meadowbank complex also hosts leith athletic , who play on the meadowbank artificial pitch next to the main stadium . meadowbank stadium was also used for rugby union as the home venue of edinburgh rugby between 2002 and 2004 . as of 2017 , the stadium is being redeveloped .
the egyptian vulture ( " neophron percnopterus " ) is a small old world vulture . it is found from southwestern europe and northern africa to southern asia . it is the only living member of the genus " neophron " , and there are three subspecies . in southern asia this species is called the scavenger vulture.when they feed on the eggs of other birds , they break larger ones by tossing a large pebble onto them . the use of tools is rare in birds , but egyptian vultures also use twigs to roll up wool for use in their nest .
pantera was a band from arlington , texas , in the usa . they formed in 1981 , but they did not have success until the 1990 release of their fifth studio album " cowboys from hell " . from 1987 to 2003 the band had these members : phil anselmo ( vocals ) , " dimebag darrell " abbott ( guitar ) , vinnie paul abbott ( drums ) , rex brown ( bass ) . in 2003 , the band broke up , and in the following year , dimebag darrell was shot and killed by a fan during a concert of his new band damageplan in columbus , ohio .
james robert ford ( december 1 , 1925 – october 11 , 2017 ) was an american educator , politician , businessman and community activist . in 1972 , ford became the first african - american mayor of tallahassee , florida , and the first black mayor of a u.s. state capital city . he was a member of the democratic party . he retired as mayor in 1986 . ford was born in leon county , florida . he studied at florida a & m university . ford died on october 11 , 2017 in tallahassee , florida of complications from alzheimer 's disease at the age of 91 .
cricket australia ( ca ) , formerly known as the australian cricket board ( acb ) , is the governing body for professional and amateur cricket in australia . it was originally formed in 1905 as the " australian board of control for international cricket " . it is incorporated as an australian public company , limited by guarantee.cricket australia operates all of the australian national representative cricket sides , including the australia national cricket team , the australia national women 's cricket team and youth sides as well . ca is also responsible for organising and hosting test tours and one day internationals with other nations , and scheduling the home international fixtures .
drawing is a way of making a picture . drawings are created by making lines on a surface . long lines make up the shapes and small lines make the textures . drawings can be images of real life or abstract images showing ideas can not be seen in the real world.a drawing is the art created this way . examples of things used to mark with are pencils , chalk , charcoal , crayons , pastels , markers , wax colored pencils , pen and ink.artists have been drawing for many centuries . they draw on paper or on other surfaces which the marks show up on .
telluride is an ion . chemical compounds containing this ion are called tellurides . examples are sodium telluride and hydrogen telluride . the chemical formula is te . tellurides are strong reducing agents . some tellurides are impure , making them weaker reducing agents . tellurides are the main source of tellurium in the ground . it only exists at very high ph . at lower ph 's , hydrogen telluride , hte , is made . when it is acidic ( very low ph ) , hydrogen telluride gas is made .
nick boynton ( born january 14 , 1979 in nobleton , ontario ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman . he played a career total of 11 seasons in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he played for the boston bruins , phoenix coyotes , florida panthers , anaheim ducks , chicago blackhawks , and the philadelphia flyers . he also played 9 regular seasons games with the nottingham panthers of the elite ice hockey league ( eihl ) . boynton was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes in 1997 but it has not affected his ability to play hockey . he retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2011 .
the women 's tennis association ( wta ) tour is the number one tier professional tennis tour for women 's tennis competition . the 2011 wta tour calendar comprises the grand slam tournaments ( organised by the international tennis federation ( itf ) ) , the wta premier tournaments ( premier mandatory , premier 5 and regular premier ) , the wta international tournaments , the fed cup ( organised by the itf ) , and the year - end championships ( the commonwealth bank tournament of champions and the wta tour championships ) . also included in the 2011 calendar is the hopman cup , which does not distribute ranking points , and is organised by the itf .
alita : battle angel is a 2019 american science - fiction action movie . it is based on yukito kishiro 's manga " battle angel alita " . it is produced by james cameron and jon landau and directed by robert rodriguez.it stars rosa salazar as alita , with supporting roles by christoph waltz , jennifer connelly , eiza gonzález , mahershala ali , ed skrein , jackie earle haley , michelle rodriguez and lana condor.the movie was released by 20th century fox on january 31 , 2019 . it was later released in real d 3d , dolby cinema and imax 3d .
frits soetekouw ( 6 june 1938 – 3 may 2019 ) was a dutch footballer . he was born in amsterdam , north holland.soetekouw played as a defender at club level between 1961 and 1971 . he played for de volewijckers , heracles , ajax , eindhoven and dws . he was the captain of ajax for a short time . he captained the side in their 5 – 1 win against liverpool in 1966 . he also once appeared for the netherlands national team in 1962 . soetekouw died on 3 may 2019 , at the age of 80 .
the president of the republic of crimea ( ; ) was the head of the state of the republic of crimea , ukraine from february 16 , 1994 to the time of its end on march 17 , 1995 . the post was ended as it had problems with the constitution of ukraine.the first round of voting in the crimean presidential elections was held on january 16 , 1994 , and on january 30 , the second round was held . with 72.9 % of the vote , the pro-russian politician yuriy meshkov was declared the winner . he was the only person to hold the post of president of the republic of crimea .
thomas andrew luken ( july 9 , 1925 – january 10 , 2018 ) was an american politician . he was a member of the democratic party . he was born born in cincinnati , ohio . he also was the mayor of cincinnati from 1971 to 1972 . in 1974 , luken won a special election in the cincinnati - based 1st congressional district to fill out the term of william j. keating , a republican who resigned his seat . however , luken was defeated later that year in his bid for a full term by republican bill gradison.luken died on january 10 , 2018 in cincinnati at the age of 92 .
dustin byfuglien ( pronounced buff - lin ; born march 27 , 1985 in minneapolis , minnesota ) is a american professional ice hockey player that is currently a free agent of the national hockey league ( nhl ) as a defenseman . he is african american . when he was smaller he moved to roseau , minnesota with his mom but decided to move to chicago to play midget hockey it was there where he was drafted by the blackhawks in 2003 . he won the stanley cup with the chicago blackhawks in 2010 . he played for the chicago blackhawks for 5 seasons and played 1 season with the atlanta thrashers .
defend your castle is a series of video games made by xgen studios . in the games , players have to kill enemies heading towards the player 's castle before it is destroyed . there are different ways that the player can do so , such as by picking up enemies or by attacking them with weapons . weapons can be bought with points that the player gets in levels . players can also use points to repair their castle or put walls around it.the game was originally a macromedia flash - based browser game . versions of the game were later released for the wiiware service on nintendo 's wii console and for ios .
peter paul strzok ii ( , like " struck " ; born march 7 , 1970 ) is a former united states federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) agent.strzok was the chief of the counterespionage section and led the fbi 's investigation into hillary clinton 's use of a personal email server.in june and july 2017 , strzok worked on robert mueller 's special counsel investigation into any links between donald trump 's presidential campaign and the russian government . mueller removed strzok from the russia investigation when mueller found out of criticisms of trump in personal text messages between strzok and a colleague .
alfred gomolka ( 21 july 1942 – 24 march 2020 ) was a german politician . he was a member of the european parliament for mecklenburg - vorpommern from 1994 to 2008 . he was a member of the conservative christian democratic union of germany , part of the european people 's party . he was was the first minister president of mecklenburg - vorpommern from 1990 to 1992 and was the president of the bundesrat from 1 november 1991 to 19 march 1992 . gomolka died on 24 march 2020 from a fall in schwerin , mecklenburg - vorpommern , aged 77 .
paul anthony samuelson ( may 15 , 1915 – december 13 , 2009 ) was an american economist of jewish descent . he was the first american to win the nobel prize in economics.the swedish royal academies stated , when awarding the prize , that he " has done more than any other contemporary economist to raise the level of scientific analysis in economic theory " . economic historian randall e. parker calls him the " father of modern economics " , and " the new york times " thinks of him to be the " foremost academic economist of the 20th century " . samuelson died after a brief illness on december 13 , 2009 , at the age of 94 .
fazlollah reza ( ) ( january 1 , 1915 – november 19 , 2019 ) was an iranian university professor . he was born in rasht.he was a fellow of the ieee and aaas for his works to network and information theory . he was an honorary member of the academy of persian language and literature and had written and spoken extensively on classical persian poetry.reza was the head of aryamehr university of industry ( sharif university of technology ) , university of tehran , iran 's ambassador to canada and iran 's ambassador to unesco.as a professor , he taught at mit , mcgill university , and university of tehran .
the yupik ( in the central alaskan yup ' ik language , yup ' ik , plural yupiit ) people are a group of native people who mainly live in certain parts of alaska , somewhere near fairbanks . the 1918 influenza pandemic killed many of the indigenous people in alaska . many died during famines and the culture suffered when the soviet government made villagers move . some of the yupi ' k people 's traditions are celebrating the dead . they celebrate by having ceremonies with a shaman , where they connect with the dead . they also name the next child born after the most recent person who has died .
spartak belyaev ( october 27 , 1923 – january 5 , 2017 ) was russian theoretical physicist . he was born in moscow . belyaev was awarded a lomonosov gold medal.he was elected as a head of russian academy of sciences and also held the same position at the budker institute of nuclear physics . for his breakthroughs and research in physics he was awarded feenberg medal in 2004 . on may 17 , 2011 he and gerard ' t hooft were awarded a lomonosov gold medal by the russian academy of sciences.belyaev died on january 5 , 2017 in moscow , russia , aged 93 .
lady antonia margaret caroline fraser ( née pakenham ; born 27 august 1932 ) is a british historian and author . she is best known for history books , biographies and detective stories.lady antonia was the daughter of the 7th earl and countess of longford . she was married to hugh fraser from 1956 until their divorce in 1977 . she was then married to the playwright harold pinter from 1980 until his death in 2008 . she attended the university of oxford . her first major book - a biography of mary , queen of scots was published in 1969 . she was awarded a damehood in 2011 and was made a companion of honour in 2018 .
hereford ( pronounced or ) ( pronounced " henforth " ) is a city and civil parish in the west midlands of england , close to the border with wales and on the river wye . it is the county town of herefordshire.the name " hereford " comes from the anglo saxon " here " , meaning an army and " ford " which is a place where soldiers could cross.hereford has had a cathedral since 1059 . in 1997 , hereford council lost its status as a city council , and had to appoint charter trustees . its ancient city traditions are recognised and carried on by the parish council , which is led by the city mayor .
andy williams ( december 3 , 1927 - september 25 , 2012 ) was an american singer . he had many gold and several platinum albums and songs , including 8 christmas albums.williams was born in wall lake , iowa . some sources say he was born in 1927 , others say 1928 . williams was married to claudine longet from 1961 until they divorced in 1975 . he was later married to debbie meyer from 1991 until his death in 2012 . williams had 3 children . in november 2011 , williams was diagnosed with bladder cancer . williams died on september 25 , 2012 in branson , missouri from the cancer , aged 84 .
terry jones ( 1 february 1942 – 21 january 2020 ) was a welsh writer , actor , and historian . he was a member of monty python.jones was born on 1 february 1942 in colwyn bay , north wales , united kingdom . he was married to alison telfer , and later to anna söderström.in september 2016 it was announced that jones had been diagnosed with primary progressive aphasia , a rare form of dementia that impairs the ability to speak and communicate , and that he was no longer able to give interviews . on 21 january 2020 , jones died from problems caused by the disease , at his home in north london , aged 77 .
leishmania is a protistorganism which causes leishmaniasis . it is a trypanosomatid parasite in the euglenozoa phylum.it is spread by sandflies of the genus " phlebotomus " in the old world , and of the genus " lutzomyia " in the new world.their primary hosts are vertebrates ; leishmania commonly infects hyraxes , canids , rodents , and humans . leishmania currently affects 12 million people in 98 countries.the parasite was named in 1903 after the scottish pathologist william boog leishman .
kodaikanal is a " hill station " city in the hills of the dindigul district in the state of tamil nadu , india . its name in the tamil language means " the gift of the forest " . kodaikanal is referred to as the " princess of hill stations " and has a long history as a popular tourist destination.kodaikanal was established in 1845 as a resort town where people would come to find refuge from the high temperatures and tropical diseases of the plains . much of the local economy is based on the hospitality industry serving tourism . as of 2011 , the city had a population of 36,501 .
the liberal democratic party ( japanese : 自由民主党 " jiyū - minshutō " ; or just jiminto ) is one of the main political parties in japan . it has ruled japan for most of the time since world war ii . the party is conservative . the current leader is shinzo abe.the party wants a close relationship with the united states , and wants fast export - based economic growth . they also want to undergo more privatization . the party is social conservative , and is against the legalization of same - sex marriage . jiminto is also a japanese nationalist political party.in 2012 , the liberal democratic party had around 800,000 members .
inflation means that the general level of prices is going up , the opposite of deflation . more money will need to be paid for goods ( like a loaf of bread ) and services ( like getting a haircut at the hairdresser 's ) . economists measure inflation regularly to know an economy 's state . inflation changes the ratio of money towards goods or services ; more money is needed to get the same amount of a good or service , or the same amount of money will get a lower amount of a good or service . economists defined certain customer baskets to be able to measure inflation . there can be positive and negative effects of inflation .
football is a popular sport in austria . it is the second most popular sport in the country after alpine skiing . the austrian football association ( " österreichischer fußball - bund " ) , the " öfb " , was created in 1904 . it has been a member of fifa since then . the country 's national team has not been successful in tournaments . austria has never qualified for the european championship . it did participate once in 2008 , when it co-hosted the championship with switzerland and did not need to qualify in order to play . in the world cup , austria has taken the fourth and third place in 1934 and 1954 , respectively .
robert xavier morse ( born may 18 , 1931 ) is an american movie , stage , television , radio , and voice actor . he is best known for his role in the musical and movie of " how to succeed in business without really trying " . he is now known for his role as bertram cooper in " mad men " . he has won a drama desk award , 2 tony awards , a screen actors guild award , and an emmy award.morse was born on may 18 , 1931 in newton , massachusetts . morse was married to carol ann d'andreá from 1961 until they divorced in 1981 . he later married elizabeth robert in 1989 . they have five children .
nuclear espionage is sharing a country 's secrets about nuclear weapons to other countries without permission . since nuclear weapons have been invented , there have been many cases of known nuclear espionage , and also many cases where it has thought to have happened , but has not been proven . because nuclear weapons are usually considered the most important of state secrets , all nations with nuclear weapons have strict rules against sharing information about how nuclear weapons are designed , where they are kept , and other things about them . there are also rules that keep countries who have signed non-proliferation agreements ( which are meant to stop the spread of nuclear weapons ) from sharing information about such weapons with the public .
edward eugene sutton ( march 12 , 1936 – may 23 , 2020 ) was an american college basketball coach . he was born in bucklin , kansas.sutton was a head coach for 36 years at the division i level , at creighton , arkansas , kentucky , oklahoma state and the university of san francisco.sutton became the first coach to take four schools to the ncaa tournament , and he reached the final four with arkansas in 1978 and oklahoma state in 1995 and 2004 . he was one of only eight major college men 's basketball coaches to have over 800 career wins.sutton died on may 23 , 2020 in tulsa , oklahoma at the age of 84 .
götterdämmerung is an opera by richard wagner . it is the fourth and last of the cycle of operas that together tell a story called " der ring des nibelungen " ( " the ring of the nibelung " ) . the story continues from the end of the third opera which was called " siegfried " . " götterdämmerung " is the german name for " ragnarök " . " götterdämmerung " is the longest of the four operas . it takes about five hours to perform . it consists of a prologue and three acts . wagner finished composing the opera in the autumn of 1874 . it was first performed on 17 august 1876 as part of the complete ring cycle .
vera katz , born " vera pistrak " , ( august 3 , 1933 – december 11 , 2017 ) was a german - born american democratic politician of jewish descent.she was born in düsseldorf , germany . she and her family fled to france some time after hitler had become chancellor . after germany invaded france they fled to spain and eventually moved to new york city in the united states.she was the first woman to serve as speaker of the oregon house of representatives and was the 49th mayor of portland from 1993 through 2005 . she replaced bud clark in 1993 and was replaced by tom potter in 2005 . vera katz died in portland from leukemia at the age of 84 .
denise katrina matthews , also known as vanity ( january 4 , 1959 – february 15 , 2016 ) , was a canadian - american singer , songwriter , actress , dancer and model . she was the lead singer of the female trio vanity 6 between 1981 until it disbanded in 1983 . the group was well known for their 1982 hit song " nasty girl " . vanity also had a successful acting career , starring in movies , including " action jackson " and " the last dragon " . in 1994 , vanity converted to christianity.vanity was born in niagara falls , ontario . she died of complications from peritoneal dialysis in a fremont , california hospital . she was 57 .
a square number , sometimes also called a perfect square , is the result of an integer multiplied by itself . 1 , 4 , 9 , 16 and 25 are the first five square numbers.in a formula , the square of a number " n " is denoted ( exponentiation ) , usually pronounced as " " n " squared " . the name square number comes from the name of the shape ; see below.square numbers are non-negative . another way of saying that a ( non-negative ) number is a square number , is that its square root is again an integer . for example , = 3 , so 9 is a square number .
ekaterina aleksandrovna koroleva ( ; 8 october 1998 – 7 july 2019 ) was a russian handball player . she played for stavropol skfu and for the women 's national team . she was born in krymsk , russia.in 2017 she won at the u-19 european championships in slovenia the silver medal after losing the finale against france . later the russian team has lost the medal due to a positive doping test by a team member of koroleva.on 7 july 2019 , koroleva drowned in a swimming accident on the closing day of the 2019 european beach handball championship in stare jabłonki , poland , aged 20 .
" party people ' " is a 2008 hip hop / crunk / rave / chopped and screwed / r & b / west coast hip hop song by american rapper nelly . the song features american singer fergie . it was the first single from his fifth studio album brass knuckles . the song was released on march 18 , 2008 . the song reached # 7 on the new zealand singles chart , # 12 on the irish singles chart , # 14 on the australian aria singles chart , # 14 on the uk singles chart and # 16 on the u.s . billboard hot rap tracks , # 23 on the german singles chart , # 37 on the u.s . billboard pop 100 , # 40 on the u.s . billboard hot 100 , # 46 on the austrian singles chart , # 52 on the canadian hot 100 and # 62 on the u.s . billboard hot r & b / hip - hop songs .
kara is a five - member south korean - pop girl group . its members are gyuri , seungyeon , hara and youngji . they debuted through the m.net m ! countdown in 2007 and belong to dsp media . kara means sweet melody and adds ' chara ' in greek , a feeling to want to give joy through music is put . from 2010 , they began activity in japan . they appeared on nhk red and white singing contest in 2011 ( 第62回nhk紅白歌合戦 ) . they had a big concert at tokyo dome on january 6 , 2013 . in 2014 , jiyoung and nicole left and were replaced by heo youngji , who was selected via a reality show made to give kara a new member . the contracts with gyuri , seungyeon and hara expired and they decided not to renew their contracts . with their departure from the label , it is unknown if kara has disbanded or not .
" the way i am " is the second single off american rapper eminem 's third studio album " the marshall mathers lp " . the song was released in december 27 , 2000 . the song is also featured on his 2005 greatest hits album " " . " the way i am " was able to peak at # 58 on the " billboard " hot 100 in the united states.the song features eminem being angry at people who he feels are putting too much pressure on him . this includes obsessive fans and record executives . the song contains the lyrics " when a dude 's gettin bullied and shoots up his school ... " , which is a reference to either eric harris or dylan klebold , the two students that committed the columbine high school massacre which took place the year before . the song was remixed by danny lohner featuring marilyn manson , who has also performed the song with eminem live on stage . in 2008 , eminem released an autobiography which was titled " the way i am " .
an eon ( or aeon ) is a term in earth science for the longest periods of time . it describes a part of the earth 's existence lasting hundreds of millions of years.a geologic eon is part of earth 's existence , made up of a number of eras of different lengths . a geologic era is made up of two or more shorter times called geologic periods . a geologic period is , in turn made up of yet shorter times called epochs.geologists have given names to all of the eons , eras , periods and epochs that they have found by looking at rocks . the names given to each eon describe something about that time , or the rocks that were made at that time.for example , we are now in the phanerozoic eon , which comes from the greek words for " life that we can see " , that is , there were animals and plants big enough to see without a lens . this era started about 545 million years ago .
intoxication is the state of being affected by one or more psychoactive drugs . it can also refer to the effects caused by the ingestion of poison or by the overconsumption of normally harmless substances.people who drink too much alcohol become " intoxicated " in some or all of their senses like touch or even eyesight . the senses that impair a person might make the person do or say things they would never normally do or say . the level of harm done usually depends on the substance . if it is mild the person usually is not harmed or impaired . mild stimulants like caffeine usually do not harm the person .
golden is a city in the canadian province of british columbia and is nicknamed " kicking horse country " . golden was first known as the cache and kicking horse flats.frederick w aylmer heard about a development west of banff , alberta being called " silver city " , thought to call this community golden city . " city " was dropped when the cpr arrived in 1885 . the current mayor of golden is christina benty . the mayor in 2009 , aman virk died suddenly of a surpise heart attack while vacationing in india.the population is 3,811 from the 2006 census.golden is home to the longest freestanding timber frame bridge in canada called the " kicking horse pedestrian bridge " . nhl player doug barrault was born in golden .
the cyclostomes ( or cyclostomata ) are the lamprey and hagfish . they are the only two living jawless fish , the agnatha.recent molecular data from rrna , and from mtdna , show that these living agnathans are monophyletic . there are about 100 species . hagfish are vertebrates but do not have vertebrae . it is believed that they lost their vertebrae during their lifestyle adaptations.the name cyclostomata means " round mouths " . their mouths can not close due to the lack of a jaw , so they have to constantly cycle water through the mouth .
vincenzo bettiza ( 7 june 1927 – 28 july 2017 ) was a croatian - born italian novelist , journalist and politician . he was born in split , kingdom of yugoslavia . bettiza has been director of several italian newspaper and author of numerous books . as a journalist he devoted his attention to eastern european countries and nationalities , and southeastern europe , yugoslavian area in particular.in the period 1957 - 1965 he was foreign correspondent for the newspaper " la stampa " , first from vienna and then from moscow . later he moved to " corriere della sera " , for which he worked for ten years.starting from 1976 , he was member of the italian senate and the european parliament.bettiza died on 28 july 2017 in rome , italy at the age of 90 .
giant tortoises have evolved on a number of tropical islands . they can weigh as much as 3 or 400 kg ( 660880 lbs ) and can grow to be 1.3 to 1.9 m ( 45.9 ft ) long ( accounts vary ) . they live , or lived ( some species are recently extinct ) , in the seychelles , the mascarenes and the galapagos . today , the world 's largest population lives on aldabra atoll in seychelles , where there are about 150,000 individuals . although looking similar , the tortoises represent separate branches of evolution . the seychelles and mascarenes tortoises came originally from nearby madagascar , while the galapagos tortoises came from nearby ecuador . their similarity is an example of convergent evolution.these tortoises are capable of living over 100 years in the wild . this makes them the longest - living vertebrates . the longest living survivor is 182 years old ( probably ) . the madagascar tortoise " tu'i malila " was 188 at death in tonga in 1965 . " harriet " was reported by the australia zoo to be 176 years old when she died in 2006 . also , on 23 march 2006 , an aldabra giant tortoise named " adwaita " died at alipore zoological gardens in kolkata . he was brought to the zoo in the 1870s from the estate of lord robert clive . he was around 255 years old when he died.around the time of its discovery , they were caught and killed for food in such large quantities that they became virtually extinct by 1900 . giant tortoises are now under strict conservation laws and are categorised as threatened species.during the 16th and 17th centuries , the galápagos were frequented by buccaneers preying on spanish treasure ships . filling a ship 's hold with tortoises was an easy way to stock up on food , a tradition that was continued by whalers in the centuries that followed . " whaling skippers were almost lyrical in their praise of tortoise meat , terming it far more delicious than chicken , pork or beef " . they said the meat of the giant tortoise was " succulent meat and the oil from their bodies as pure as butter , but best of all , the giants could hibernate in a ship ’s damp for a year or more " . at least five species of the genus " cylindraspis " have gone extinct in historic times . they lived in the mascarene islands ( mauritius , rodrigues and réunion ) in the indian ocean .
gerald freedman ( june 25 , 1927 – march 17 , 2020 ) was an american theatre director , librettist , and lyricist , and a college dean . he was born in lorain , ohio.freedman was leading artistic director ( 1960 - 1967 ) and artistic director ( 1967 - 1971 ) of joseph papp 's new york shakespeare festival , artistic director of the great lakes theater festival in cleveland , ohio ( 1985 - 1997 ) , and co-artistic director of john houseman ’s the acting company ( 1974 - 1977 ) . he taught at yale school of drama and the juilliard school.he was dean of the drama school at the university of north carolina school of the arts ( 1991 - 2012 ) . he was the first american ever invited to direct at the globe theatre in london . he was a member of the kennedy center new play committee and the college of fellows of the american theatre . he participated in the oomoto institute , kameoka , japan.he died on march 17 , 2020 in winston - salem , north carolina of kidney failure , aged 92 .
josé maría galante serrano ( 1948 – 28 march 2020 ) was a spanish political prisoner and human rights activist . he was born in madrid.in 1969 , he was arrested by the franco regime - dictated political - social brigade and was tortured at puerta del sol . after joining the revolutionary communist league ( rcl ) , galante was arrested again in 1971 . he was released in 1977 after the amnesty law that freed all franco - era political prisoners.in 1979 and 1983 , he unsuccessfully ran for the madrid local elections under the rcl.in 2018 , he was part of a spanish documentary titled " el silencio de otros " , which was about the franco regime . it was shortlisted for the academy awards.during the coronavirus pandemic , galante died on 28 march 2020 in madrid of covid - 19 .
david wayne ( born wayne james mcmeekan january 30 , 1914 – february 9 , 1995 ) was an american television , voice , stage , and movie actor . he acted for nearly 50 years . he starred with famous actors such as frank sinatra , marilyn monroe , debbie reynolds , celeste holm , katherine hepburn , elizabeth taylor , and spencer tracy . he has appeared in nearly 100 movies . he won the first tony award for his role in the stage production of " finian 's rainbow " . wayne was born wayne james mcmeekan in traverse city , michigan on january 20 , 1914 . he was raised in bloomingdale , michigan . wayne was married to jane gordon from 1941 until her death in 1993 . they had two children . wayne died on february 9 , 1995 in his home in santa monica , california from lung cancer . he was 81 years old . his remains were cremated .
juan de esquivel ( about 1480 - about 1513 ) was a spanish soldier and colonial administrator ( a " conquistador " ) . he conquered and governed the island of jamaica for spain.he was born in seville , spain , about 1480 . he came with nicolás de ovando to america , to the hispaniola island , in 1502 . in 1503 , ovando sent him with 400 men to the eastern part of the island to fight the taínos in that region , the higüey region . there he founded two new towns : " santa cruz de hicayagua " , or " icayagua " , the present city of santa cruz del seibo ; and " salvaleón de higüey " . in 1509 , the new governor of the hispaniola , diego columbus , sent juan de esquivel with 70 men to jamaica to complete the conquest of that island . he founded a town , " sevilla la nueva " ( in english , " the new seville " ) on the north coast.he died in jamaica about 1513 .
alexander stuart " jock " sturrock ( 14 may 1915 – 11 july 1997 ) was an australian yachtsman . he sailed for australia at four olympics games ( 1948 london , 1952 helsinki , 1956 melbourne and 1960 rome ) . he was also the first person to represent australia at four different olympics . he won a bronze medal at 1956 melbourne for the 5.5 metre class . sturrock was the australian of the year in 1962 . he was made a member of the order of the british empire ( mbe ) in 1975 for services to yachting . he was born in melbourne , victoria.sturrock died on 11 july 1997 in noosa heads , queensland . he was 82 .
" the veldt " is a song by canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and features vocals from american musician chris james . the song is featured on deadmau5 's sixth studio album " album title goes here . " the song was inspired by the 1950 short story by ray bradbury . the song was created during a 22 - hour live stream . chris james was found on twitter by deadmau5 when james created his own vocal rendition of the song . deadmau5 liked his james ' rendition so much that he included it in the official release of the song.the music video is based on " the veldt " by ray bradbury and is loosely based around the 2010 video game , limbo.the song was ranked at # 48 on rolling stone ' list of the " 50 best songs of 2012 " .
the javan rusa or sunda sambar ( " rusa timorensis " ) is a deer which lives on the islands of java , bali and timor . it is also an introduced species to irian jaya , borneo ( kalimantan ) the lesser sunda islands , maluku , sulawesi , australia , mauritius , new caledonia , new zealand , papua new guinea , réunion.the deer lives in a habitat similar to that of the chital of india , that is , open dry and mixed deciduous forests , parklands , and savannas . it is a close relative of the larger sambar deer . it is hunted in eastern australasia . javan rusa deer breed in the rutting period in july and august . they are active in the early morning and the late afternoon .
sir ernst boris chain , frs ( 19 june 1906 – 12 august 1979 ) was a german - born british biochemist.he shared the 1945 nobel prize in physiology or medicine , with alexander fleming and howard florey , for the discovery of penicillin and how it could cure bacterial infections . later he worked on the chemical structure of penicillin and other natural antibiotics.chain was jewish , and moved to england in 1933 . in 1939 he took british citizenship , and was knighted in 1969 . he won many awards : he was made a commander of the légion d'honneur and awarded the grande ufficiale al merito della repubblica italiana .
ray milton dolby ( january 18 , 1933 – september 12 , 2013 ) was an american engineer and inventor of the noise reduction system known as dolby nr . he was also a co-inventor of video tape recording while at ampex.he was the founder of dolby laboratories . he was also a billionaire and a member of the forbes 400 with an estimated net worth of $ 2.9 billion in 2008 although as of september 2012 it was estimated to have declined to $ 2.4 billion.dolby was born on january 18 , 1933 in portland , oregon . he studied at san jose state university , at stanford university , and at cambridge university.dolby was married to dagmar dolby from 1966 until his death in 2013 . they had two children.dolby died on september 12 , 2013 in san francisco , california from leukemia , aged 80 .
ene mihkelson ( 21 october 1944 – 20 september 2017 ) was an estonian writer . he was born in tammeküla , imavere parish , viljandi county.mihkelson has also published four novels , a selection of critical essays ( " kirjanduse seletusi " , or " explanations of literature " ) and a collection of short stories ( " surma sünnipäev " , or " the birthday of death " ) . in 2001 she published the novel " ahasveeruse uni " . mihkelson 's works frequently include allusions to her childhood , spent in hiding , estonian mythology , and estonian history.in 2006 she was awarded the herder prize and in 2010 the baltic assembly prize for literature.mihkelson died in tartu , estonia on 20 september 2017 at the age of 72 .
mary arizona " zonia " baber ( 1862 - 1955 ) was an american geographer and geologist . she is best known for forming a way for teaching geography.baber first worked as a teacher of geography and as a principal in a private school . she began working at the university of chicago in 1895 . she got her bachelor 's degree there in 1904 . in 1898 baber formed the geographic society of chicago . she was the president and helped the society for 50 years . in 1948 she received a lifetime achievement award.baber also cared about social issues . she was called a feminist , anti-racist and anti-imperialist . in 1926 she represented the women of puerto rico to help women get the right to vote . she worked as chairman of the pan-american committee of the international league for peace and freedom .
nantwich is a market town and civil parish in the ceremonial county of cheshire , england . it is known for having one of the highest numbers of listed buildings in england , with tudor and georgian architecture . in 2011 , the town had a population of 17,424 . the town is around south - west of the railway town of crewe and 20 miles south - east of the city of chester . it is on the cheshire plain , on the banks of the river weaver . the shropshire union canal runs to the west of the town.the origins of the settlement date to roman times , when salt from nantwich was used by the roman garrisons at chester and stoke - on - trent as a preservative and a condiment .
mccomb is a city in pike county , mississippi , about 80 miles south of jackson , just off of interstate 55 . as of the 2000 census , 13,337 people lived there , about a thousand more than in the 1980 census ( 12,331 ) . it is the principal city of the mccomb , mississippi micropolitan statistical area . mccomb was founded in 1872 after henry simpson mccomb of the new orleans , jackson and great northern railroad ( which would become the illinois central railroad and now a part of the canadian national railway ) , decided to move the railroad 's maintenance shops away from new orleans , louisiana , to avoid the new orleans ' saloons.singer britney spears was born in mccomb .
the herut party ( herut means freedom in hebrew ) is a right - wing zionist political party in israel . herut was founded by menachem begin following israel 's independence in 1948 . herut believed that all of british mandatory palestine belonged to the jews . herut was opposed to israel accepting money from west germany as an apology for the holocaust . herut believed security was very important . israel 's first prime minister david ben - gurion thought herut was radical and he compared menachem begin and the other members of the herut party to adolf hitler and the nazis . herut 's leader menachem begin was not a socialist so he formed an alliance with the liberal party to create the liberal - freedom bloc known in hebrew as gush herut liberalim or gahal .
elizabeth welter wilson ( april 4 , 1921 – may 9 , 2015 ) was a tony award - winning american actress . she appeared in movies such as " picnic " ( 1955 ) , " the goddess " ( 1958 ) , " the tunnel of love " ( 1958 ) , " a child is waiting " ( 1963 ) , " the birds " ( 1963 ) , " the graduate " ( 1967 ) , " catch - 22 " ( 1970 ) , " the day of the dolphin " ( 1973 ) , " the prisoner of second avenue " ( 1975 ) , " 9 to 5 " ( 1980 ) , " grace quigley " ( 1985 ) , " regarding henry " ( 1991 ) , " the addams family " ( 1991 ) , " quiz show " ( 1994 ) , and " hyde park on hudson " ( 2012 ) . wilson was born on april 4 , 1921 in grand rapids , michigan . she was of english and german ancestry . she was elected to the theatre hall of fame in 2007 . wilson died at her home in new haven , connecticut , aged 94 .
khan academy is a non-profit educational organization . it has been created by sal khan . khan academy is available on the internet for free . khan academy teaches by using youtube videos of short lectures of certain topics , as well as by using practice exercises and tools that help with learning . it is available in many different languages , but mostly english.khan academy teaches mostly about mathematics , but also teaches biology , chemistry , physics , history , astronomy , cosmology , american civics , art history , economics , music , computer programming and computer science , healthcare , medicine , and finance . in the youtube videos that khan academy makes , they record diagrams being drawn from a tablet using the screen capture software called camtasia studio .
greyfriars bobby ( 4 may 1855 - 14 january 1872 ) was a skye terrier . he belonged to a policeman in edinburgh named john gray . when mr. gray died in 1858 , he was buried in greyfriars kirkyard . bobby stayed near the grave of mr. gray long after the funeral . he would not leave.the little dog came to be called greyfriars bobby . he stayed at the grave for the rest of his life . bobby died in 1872 . he was buried just inside the gates of the kirkyard . his grave is marked by a small pink granite stone . bobby 's collar and bowl are displayed in the museum of edinburgh.in 1873 , lady angela burdett - coutts erected a drinking fountain " ( pictured ) " in edinburgh to the memory of greyfriars bobby . the bronze statue of bobby on top of the fountain was made by william brodie . the fountain and statue have long been favourites of scots.the fountain is near the george iv bridge in edinburgh . the statue of bobby sits on top of a column of granite . at the bottom , there is an eight - sided drinking basin for dogs . near the top , there is a drinking spout for people . in 1957 , the water was turned off because of health concerns.eleanor stackhouse atkinson wrote a book about bobby in 1912 . it has never been out of print . a movie based on the book was made in 1961 . this movie stars tam o'shanter as bobby , and is described as " a tearjerker , one that saddens and lifts the spirit at the same time . "
the suzuki method , ( or talent education , or the mother tongue method , or the suzuki movement ) is a way of teaching . it teaches people to be morally better through a caring environment . it normally uses a musical instrument such as the violin or piano to do this . it can also use other musical instruments like the flute , recorder , piano , guitar , cello , viola , bass , organ , harp and voice . the suzuki method uses the same environment that people have when they learn their mother - tongue . this means that each student sees and hears music and good moral character all of the time . other people tell them that they will do well . the students learn one thing at a time . they learn new things when they are ready . the term " suzuki method " is also used to mean only the suzuki sheet music books and songs.it was created in japan in the mid-20th century by dr. shin ' ichi suzuki . he was a violinist who wanted to bring some beauty to the lives of children in his country after world war ii . dr. suzuki saw that all children learn their own language very quickly . even dialects which adults thought were hard to learn are spoken with ease by 5 or 6 year old children . he thought that if a person can speak their mother tongue , then they can learn to play a musical instrument . he came up with the idea that any pre-school age child could begin to play the violin.just as a child learns to speak before reading , suzuki students learn by ear and generally only learn to read sheet music at a much later age.suzuki students will always play with a " beautiful tone and a beautiful heart " .
william thomas harris iii ( born september 22 , 1940 ) is an american writer . he is best known for a series of suspense novels about his most famous character , hannibal lecter.harris wrote " black sunday " ( 1975 ) , " red dragon " ( 1981 ) , " the silence of the lambs " ( 1988 ) , " hannibal " ( 1999 ) , " hannibal rising " ( 2006 ) and " cari mora " ( 2019 ) . most of his works have been made into movies and television shows . the most notable is " the silence of the lambs " ( 1991 ) , which became only the third movie in academy awards history to sweep the oscars in major categories.harris was born in jackson , tennessee . as a child , he moved with his family to rich , mississippi . he was married to harriet anne haley from 1961 to 1967 . they had a daughter , elizabeth anne . his long - term domestic partner is pace barnes . harris did not give any interviews between 1976 and 2019 .
torres strait is the narrow sea between australia 's cape york and new guinea . it is about wide and filled with islands , coral reefs and sand banks . the first european to sail through the strait vanessa uis vaez de torres ] ] in 1606 . there are about 240 islands but only 17 of them have people living on them . while there are about 6,800 torres strait islanders living on the islands , about 42,000 islanders now live on the mainland . the islands belong to australia and are a part of queensland . they are governed from thursday island by the torres strait regional authority . they are the only part of australia to share a border with another country , new guinea .
on 15 march 1986 , in one of singapore ’s worst civil disasters , the lian yak building ( better known as hotel new world ) collapsed . 33 people died and 17 were rescued alive from the rubble.the singapore fire service ( sfs ) ( present - day civil defence force ) , the armed forces and the police all assisted in the rescue operation . passers - by and nearby residents also joined in , helping to clear the rubble and pull out survivors . saf medical officers and moh doctors present took turns to crawl through narrow spaces inside the rubble to try and provide assistance to trapped survivors , giving glucose and saline drips to them . at first , power saws and drills were used to cut through the rubble and reach survivors ; however the use of heavy machinery posed a risk to people trapped under the rubble.this led to concern among tunnelling experts from britain , ireland and japan who were involved in nearby construction for the mass rapid transit , which included thomas gallagher , thomas mulleary , patrick gallagher , michael prendergast , and michael scott ; as well as tan jin thong , deputy director ( operations ) sfs.they volunteered to dig 4 tunnels under the rubble , which resulted in the rescue of another eight survivors . they later received the pingat gagah perkasa ( conspicuous gallantry medal ) for their actions.the investigation found that during the calculation of the building ’s structural load , only the live load ( weight of people in the building , and additional fixtures and fittings , such as furniture ) was factored in . the dead load ( weight of the building itself ) was completely omitted from the calculation . this meant the building was not designed to support its own weight . it was later discovered that an unqualified draftsman , instead of a professional structural engineer , did the calculations for the building . the owner ( which died in the collapse ) also requested to use inferior materials in construction , in order to reduce the cost.after the incident , singapore ’s building safety regulations were updated . since 1989 , all structural designs / calculations must not only be prepared by a professional engineer , but also counter-checked by an independent accredited checker .
the socialist reich party of germany ( german : " sozialistische reichspartei deutschlands " ) was a political party in west germany . it was formed in 1949 . it was openly neo-nazi and admired hitler . it split from the german empire party . leaders included otto ernst remer , a former major general , and fritz dorls.the srp claimed west germany 's first chancellor , konrad adenauer only did what the united states told , and that karl dönitz was the last legal of germany.the srp also said that the holocaust never happened , and that the ovens of the dachau concentration camp were built by the united states after 1945 . the srp also wanted europe to be led by a reunited german reich , and that it would not be capitalist or communist.the srp never criticised the soviet union because the russians funded the srp because it was anti-american . the only other party modern in postwar germany was the communist party of germany . it did not get soviet funds because the russians thought it was useless . srp leader remer once said that if the ussr ever did invade germany , he would " show the russians the way to the rhine " . the srp had its own paramilitary organisation , the reichsfront.the srp had about ten thousand members and it won 16 seats in the lower saxony landtag election , and 8 seats bremen.it was banned in 1952 by the federal constitutional court of germany , the only court with the power to do so .
milan michálek ( born 7 december 1984 , in jindřichův hradec , czechoslovakia ) is a czech professional ice hockey left winger . he currently plays for the ottawa senators of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he has also played for the san jose sharks.before playing in the nhl , michálek played 2 seasons with hc české budějovice of the czech extraliga . he was drafted by the san jose sharks with the 6th overall pick in the 2003 nhl daft . he played 4 seasons with the sharks and was then on september 12 , 2009 , he was traded to the senators along with jonathan cheechoo and a second round pick for dany heatley and a fifth round draft pick in 2010 . his older brother zbyněk plays in the nhl for the arizona coyotes .
anil adhikari ( ; 30 may 1987 – 14 january 2017 ) was a nepalese rapper . he was better known by his stage name yama buddha . he was a nepalese hip hop artist , also known as " nephop " . he was known for his songs " mero juttama " , " saathi , aaudaichu ma " , " footpath mero ghar " and " yo prasanga " , all in nepali . he began his career in 2007 . he was a presenter of the rap battle show " raw barz " . he was born in the eastern development region . he lived in the united kingdom with his wife.yama buddha died on 14 january 2017 in london at the age of 29 .
manuel " el loco " valdés ( born 29 january 1931 ) is a mexican actor and comedian . he is member of the valdés family . he is the brother of ramón valdés ( aka " don ramón " ) , from the sitcom " el chavo " , and germán valdés ( aka " tin tan " ) . he is also the father of singer cristian castro and marcos valdés.he is known for his roles in " la carabina de ambrosio " , " la pulquería " , " la leyenda de la nahuala " , " caperucita y pulgarcito contra los monstruos " and " calabacitas tiernas " . he was in three telenovelas : " amy , la niña de la mochila azúl " ( 2004 ) , " entre el amor y el odio " ( 2002 ) and " siempre te amaré " ( 2000 ) .
james edward westcott ( january 20 , 1922 – march 29 , 2019 ) was an american photographer . he is best known for working with the u.s. government during the manhattan project and the cold war . he was one of the few people allowed to have a camera in the oak ridge , tennessee area during the manhattan project . he took the main photos that showed the construction and operation of oak ridge , and of non-military life in the secret community of oak ridge . the photos he took during the manhattan project were not allowed to be published until after the program ended.westcott was born in chattanooga , tennessee . he grew up in nashville , tennessee . he was married to esther seigenthaler for 56 years until her death . the couple had five children.westcott died on march 29 , 2019 in oak ridge , at the age of 97 .
ratnasambhava is one of the five dhyani buddhas.his mandala is yellow and is in the southern direction . ratnasambhava embodies dharma that changes pride , miserliness and avarice into equanimity . he is shown with his right hand extended down , palm facing outwards . his left hand holds a precious jewel in his lap . he is associated with changing poverty into wealth . ratnasambhava ’s blessings allow us to overcome pride and miserliness , thereby developing inner calm . the wealth - giving buddhas or jambhalas are associated with the family of ratnasambhava .
the southern cassowary ( " casuarius casuarius " ) , also known as double - wattled cassowary or two - wattled cassowary , is a large flightless black bird with hard and stiff plumage , two dangling red wattles and a big bony lump on its head called a casque . it lives in tropical rainforest and feeds mostly on fallen fruit , red nape and two red wattles hanging down its throat.the big female lays up to five enormous glossy green eggs on the ground . she then leaves the male bird to sit on them and raise the stripey chicks . the cassowary is a very rare bird in australia but also lives in new guinea .
william kenneth hodgkisson ( 12 march 1933 – 10 may 2018 ) was an english professional footballer . he was born in west bromwich , west midlands.hodgkisson played as an inside forward . he began his career with west bromwich albion , making his professional debut in 1953 . he was sold to walsall in 1956 . hodgkisson went on to make over 350 appearances for the club during an eleven year spell , winning promotion on two occasions . he later played non-league football with worcester city and dudley town , where he also spent three years as manager.hodgkisson died on 10 may 2018 at the age of 85 .
lolo ferrari ( 9 february 1963 - 5 march 2000 ) was the stage name of a french dancer and actress billed as " the woman with the largest breasts in the world " , though their size was artificially achieved . she was born eve valois in clermont - ferrand , puy - de-dome . she started as a model and a prostitute.encouraged by her husband , ferrari underwent numerous plastic surgery operations to create a silicone - enhanced bust ( 22 enlargements , a guinness world record ) . she became a regular guest on the television series " eurotrash " on channel 4 in the united kingdom.ferrari committed suicide by drug overdose in grasse , alpes - maritimes .
mamenchisaurus was a long - necked , long - tailed , four - legged , plant - eating dinosaur . " mamenchisaurus " had the longest neck of any known dinosaur , except the newly found " sauroposeidon " . its neck was about 46 feet ( 14 m ) . it had 19 vertebrae in its neck , more than any other known dinosaur had . " mamenchisaurus " was about 70 to 80 feet ( 21 to 25 m ) long and weighed roughly 12 tons ( 11 tonnes ) . its hind legs were longer than the front legs ; these hind legs were similar to the legs of " diplodocus " . its skull however , was box - shaped , unlike " diplodocus " ' elongated snout .
the ravi river ( ) , ( , , is a river in kashmir and pakistan . it is one of the five rivers which give punjab its name.it is also one of the major five rivers / tributaries of indus.the ravi was known as parushani or iravati to indians in vedic times and hydraotes to the ancient greeks.it originates in the himalayas in the chamba district of himachal pradesh following a north - westerly course . it turns to the south - west , near dalhousie , and then cuts a gorge in the dhaola dhar range entering the punjab plain near madhopur . it then flows along the indo - pak border for some distance before entering pakistan and joining the chenab river.the total length of the river is about 720 km.the waters of the ravi river are allocated to india under the indus waters treaty between india and pakistan and the resulting indus basin project.it is also called ' the river of lahore ' since that great city is located on its eastern bank . on its western bank is located the famous town of shahdara with the tomb of jahangir and the tomb of noor jahan .
cameron barker ( born april 4 , 1986 in winnipeg , manitoba ) is a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman . he is currently an unrestricted free agent . he has played with the chicago blackhawks , minnesota wild , edmonton oilers , and vancouver canucks of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he has also played with barys astana of the kontinental hockey league ( khl ) . barker was drafted 3rd overall in the 2004 nhl entry draft by the chicago blackhawks . barker played 5 seasons with the blackhawks before being traded to the minnesota wild for kim johnsson and defensive prospect nick leddy . he played 2 seasons with the wild and the wild placed him on waivers on june 28 , 2011 . he signed a contract with the edmonton oilers on july 1 , 2011 . he played a season with the oilers before being cut by the team on june 25 , 2012 . he joined the texas stars for 23 games before signing a $ 700,000 , one - year contract with the vancouver canucks .
sirius black is a fictional character in j. k. rowling 's " harry potter " series , played by gary oldman . black , also known as padfoot or snuffles ( in his animagus form ) was a pure - blood wizard . he was born on 3rd november , 1959 and is the eldest son of orion and walburga black . he is heir of the ancient and noble house of black and brother to regulus . his cousin 's are bellatrix lestrange ( nee black ) , andromeda tonks ( nee black ) and narcissa malfoy ( nee black ) . he was harry potter 's godfather . he was best friends with james potter , along with remus lupin and peter pettigrew . these four were known as the marauders in their school days , and created the marauder 's map.he , along with his three friends , belonged to gryffindor house when at hogwarts , unlike the rest of his family , who had belonged to the house of slytherin . he did not like his family , and ran away from home to james potter 's house when he was 16 . the potters took sirius in as their own son . his prized possession during childhood was his flying motorbike.sirius was an animagus and was able to transform into a big black dog , ( a grim ) which is an omen of death , at will . he , along with james potter and peter pettigrew became animagus to help remus lupin with his transformations . he was the first wizard to escape azkaban prison , after being kept there twelve years for a crime that he did not commit . the betrayal of james and lily potter , the murder of peter pettigrew and 12 muggles with an unknown curse . harry found out , after a year of believing otherwise , that sirius was an innocent man , and helped him evade capture from the ministry of magic . sirius went on the run before returning to his ( empty ) childhood home , 12 grimmauld place , and offered it up as headquarters for the order of the phoenix upon voldemort 's return . he was killed in a battle at the ministry of magic by his cousin , a death eater , bellatrix lestrange in harry 's ( his godson 's ) 5th year at hogwarts . he returned during harry 's 7th year along with james , lilly and remus , after being resurrected with the help of the resurrection stone.he was the only remaining “ true ” heir of the house of black . 12 grimmauld place was gifted to harry potter , sirius ’ godson . in which case , harry or draco malfoy ( related to the house of black through his mother narcissa ) would ’ve likely inherited the title of head of house . possibly even andromeda tonks or her grandson , edward “ teddy ” remus lupin.as he has said before , " almost all pure - bloods are somehow related , and he ’s no exception " . he ’s related to the weasleys by way of cedrella weasley ( nee black ) , whom married septimus weasley . together they 're the paternal grandparents of the weasley children . he ’s related to the malfoys through narcissa malfoy ( nee black ) who married into the malfoy family , and is sirius ’ cousin . he ’s even related to his godson , harry potter , through dorea potter ( nee black ) who is a distant relative to harry and james potter .
lee hyo - ri ( b . may 10 , 1979 ) is a south korean singer and actress . she debuted as a leader of the girl group , ' fin.kl ' on may , 1998 . the group was rival with another group named 's . e.s ' . lee hyori became a sole singer in 2003 . with her debut , her fashion and activity attracted public attention . she was so popular that ' lee hyori syndrome ' was the highest keyword in korea.lee hyori acted the leading part in drama , named ' three - leaf clover ' . despite popularity of lee hyori , the acting ability was criticized . ' u-go-girl ' , her 3rd album 's title music , gained public interest . and another music named ' hey mr.big ' also became popular . these made lee hyori to the highest position . now she is member of program which sbs broadcasts . she is a huge asset to the program called " here come the ' family ' " , in which she was praised to have shown her cool , honest personality .
" australian convict sites " is a world heritage site which includes the remains of 11 places used in the transportation of convicts to australia . this was a plan by the british government to move thousands of prisoners from england to australia . it started with the sending of the first fleet to sydney in 1788 and continued for about eighty years . the australian convict sites include places in sydney , tasmania , norfolk island , and fremantle . these are representing : " . . the best surviving examples of large - scale convict transportation and the colonial expansion of european powers through the presence and labour of convicts . " all the sites were all individually included on the australian national heritage list before being put on the world heritage list .
elf : buddy 's musical adventure is an american 2014 stop - motion animated christmas musical television special . it is based on the elf ” dramas including the will ferrell movie and the broadway musical . the story is about buddy the elf ( voice of jim parsons ) leaving the north pole to find his father walter hobbs ( mark hamill ) . david hinckley of the new york daily news said it was a " delightful animated hour " . gail pennington of the st. louis post-dispatch wrote " ' elf : buddy 's musican christmas ' " should be on the christmas tv calendar for years to come " . metacritic gave it a metascore of 74 .
lanark is a town in south lanarkshire , scotland . it is close to carluke and biggar . lanark is approximately 40 miles from edinburgh , the capital of scotland . william wallace once lived there . there is a statue of wallace on the town church . a plaque remembers where he " first drew sword to free his native land " in 1296 , when he killed heselrig , the english sheriff of lanark . this event forms the start of the mel gibson film , " braveheart " . lanark is also notable for its annual lanimer celebrations , where local children on coloured floats parade through the streets along with marching pipe bands . a lanimer queen is elected from the children , and crowned in a ceremony at the foot of the high street . a lord cornet is chosen from local businessmen , and acts as escort for the queen for the events of lanimer week .
a herma , commonly in english herm is a sculpture with a head and sometimes a torso , above a tall squared pillar . often a phallus was carved at the appropriate height.the form originated in ancient greece and was adopted by the romans and revived in the renaissance in the form of term figures . the name of the god hermes comes from the word " herma " , and the sculptures originally represented him.the ancient greeks and romans were very superstitious , and the sculptures had an apotropiac function . they were placed at cross-roads and on the borders of lands as protection.in athens , they were placed outside houses , temples and gymnasiums for good luck and to avert harmful or bad influences , like the evil eye . they would be adorned with garlands , wreaths , offerings and anointed with oil to obtain luck and protection .
thomas gainsborough ( 14 may 1727 – 2 august 1788 ) was an 18th - century english portrait and landscape painter . he was born in sudbury , suffolk , england . he was the youngest son of john gainsborough . when he was 13 , he surprised his father by how well he drew with the pencil . impressed , his father let him go to london to study art in 1740 . in the 1740s , gainsborough married margaret burr and began painting portraits more than landscapes . he had two daughters . in 1774 , gainsborough and his family moved to london . in 1780 , he painted portraits of king george iii . he died of cancer in london on 2 august 1788 at age 61 years.in painting portraits he sometimes painted with brushes on sticks six feet long . this put him at the same distance from subject and canvas , set at right angles to each other .
a volcanic plug is a landform created when volcanic magma hardens inside a vent on an active volcano . they are sometimes called volcanic necks or " puys " . the plug is revealed when surrounding land is eroded.as it forms , a plug may cause an extreme build - up of pressure if gas - charged magma is trapped beneath it . this sometimes leads to an explosive eruption . but if the explosion does not occur , then the volcano becomes a solid block made of hard material.the plug is usually harder than the surrounding rock . glacial erosion can lead to exposure of the plug on one side , while a long slope of material remains on the lee side . such landforms are called crag and tail . if a plug is preserved , erosion may remove the surrounding rock while the erosion - resistant plug remains . this is what produces the distinctive upstanding landform .
tom araya ( born tomás enrique araya june 6 , 1961 in viña del mar , chile ) is an chilean - american musician , best known as the bassist and vocalist of the american thrash metal band slayer . araya is ranked fifty - eighth by " hit parader " on their list of the 100 greatest metal vocalists of all time.araya was employed as a respiratory therapist in the early 1980s and used his earnings to finance slayer 's debut album " show no mercy " . much of araya 's lyrical content is about serial killers , a subject he finds interesting , first making his lyrical contribution to 1985 's " hell awaits " with the track " at dawn they sleep " .
plastic wrap ( also cling wrap , food wrap , or clingfilm ) is a thin plastic material . it is used for sealing food in containers . it keeps food fresh over a long period of time without spoiling . it is usually sold on rolls in boxes with a cutting edge.plastic wrap was first made from polyvinyl chloride ( pvc ) . a common , cheaper alternative to pvc is low - density polyethylene ( ldpe ) . ldpe does n't stick to itself as well as pvc.in the united states and japan , plastic wrap has sometimes been made of polyvinylidene chloride ( pvdc ) . pvdc was the main ingredient in saran wrap , a popular brand of plastic wrap . now , saran wrap is made with polyethylene.research shows that plastic wrapping of food is often not wasteful , because the food lasts longer . a study showed that only 3 % of wrapped food was wasted in the uk , but up to 50 % of food was wasted in an african country , where it was sold unwrapped .
the statue of zeus at olympia , greece was designed by phidias about 432 bc . phidias built his workshop at olympia to construct this statue and probably stayed there the rest of his life . the statue was housed in the temple of zeus . with the base , it stood seven times larger than life or about 12.40 meters . the face , arms , and feet were made of ivory . the robe , sandals , the beard and hair were made of gold . he wore a silver olive wreath on his head . the throne was made of gold , bronze , ebony , ivory , and gems . it was decorated with scenes from mythology . this zeus was the kindly zeus rather than the fierce and powerful zeus . the roman emperor caligula wanted the statue sent to rome . he planned to take the head off and replace it with an image of his own . the statue does not survive . it was probably shipped to constantinople about 393 ad and destroyed in a fire there in 475 ad . the statue was one of the seven wonders of the world .
the schwarzschild radius , or gravitational radius is the radius of a sphere that has certain properties : if all the mass of an object is compressed within this sphere , the escape speed from the surface of the sphere would equal the speed of light . an example of an object smaller than its schwarzschild radius is a black hole . once a stellar remnant collapses below this radius , light can no longer escape and the object is no longer visible . it is a characteristic radius associated with every quantity of mass . the " schwarzschild radius " was named after the german astronomer karl schwarzschild who calculated this exact solution for the theory of general relativity in 1916 . this radius can be calculated using the equation : formula_1where the gravitational constant g is n ⋅ m / kg , m is the mass of the object , and c is the speed of light which is 299,792,458 m / s .
resusci anne , also known as rescue anne , resusci annie or cpr annie , is a training mannequin used for teaching cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( cpr ) . it is for both emergency workers and members of the general public . resusci anne was made by norwegian toy maker åsmund laerdal . it was based on the research of peter safar and james elam . it was first used in 1960 . the mannequin is made to be just like the human respiratory system and outer body in order to help training.since its first use , several different versions of resusci anne have been introduced . these include versions with computer monitoring , and versions that seem like other emergency medical conditions , such as severe wounds and trauma.trainees using the original resusci anne were expected to approach the mannequin . after getting no response , the trainees then administered cpr to the mannequin . this system was meant to teach trainees that not all victims require cpr . if a victim can respond when asked if okay , the victim does not need cpr.the face of resusci anne was based on " l'inconnue de la seine " . it was the death mask of an unidentified young woman who may have drowned in the seine river around the late 1880s .
archosaurs are a large group of reptiles , including all crocodiles , birds , dinosaurs , and pterosaurs ( flying reptiles ) . there are also a number of smaller extinct groups , mostly from the triassic period.the archosaurs are definitely a monophyletic clade , and do not include reptiles such as the squamata ( lizards and snakes ) and the sphenodontia ( " sphenodon " ) . they have these diagnostic features , called " synapomorphies " in cladistics talk : the archosaurs or their immediate ancestors survived the catastrophic permian – triassic extinction event . then , in the early and middle triassic , there was rapid evolution into the types of aquatic and land tetrapods which dominated the rest of the mesozoic era .
eliot lance engel ( ; born february 18 , 1947 ) is an american politician . he is the u.s. representative for since january 3 , 2013 . engel was first elected in the house in january 3 , 1989 . he is a member of the democratic party.in 1977 , engel entered the special election for a seat in the new york state assembly . he was the liberal party nominee in the special election , and on march 1 , 1977 , he defeated democratic nominee ted weinstein and republican nominee arlene siegel.in the 2020 election , engel lost the democratic nomination to school principal jamaal bowman in a highly contested primary re-election .
simone de beauvoir ( january 9 , 1908 – april 14 , 1986 ) was a french author ( writer ) and philosopher ( person who writes about ways of thinking ) . she wrote novels ( stories in a book ) , articles about philosophy ways of thinking or ways of living , and politics , biographies ( books about other people 's lives ) and an autobiography ( a book about her life ) . her best known books are " she came to stay " and " the mandarins " . her best known writing about ideas is " the second sex " , which was written in 1949 . it describes the bad experiences of women in european society , and suggests how women 's lives can be improved .
the toronto streetcar system is a network of eleven streetcar routes in the canadian city of toronto , ontario . it is by far the largest network of its kind in the americas . it operates as part of the toronto transit commission 's public transport network , and shares a common fare system with buses and subway services.unlike modern light rail systems that are becoming more commonplace in north america , streetcars runs on city streets and call at frequent bus - type stops , where the passenger waits on the sidewalk for the next streetcar and pays his or her fare on board the vehicle . there are 685 of these stops , eight of which are shared with and connect to the subway system . the system mainly serves the downtown and waterfront areas of the city , and acts as feeder routes to the subway.the system , which has been one of the longest in continuous operation , was opened in 1861 as a horse tramway . the system was bought by the toronto railway company in 1891 and it was electrified in 1892 . vehicles run on of tracks with a non-standard gauge of and collect power from overhead lines at 600 v dc using trolley poles mounted on each streetcar.more than 300,000 people ride the system on an average weekday , and about 100 million on an annual basis , making it among the busiest systems in the world .
sharlto copley ( born 27 november 1973 ) is a south african actor.he has played wikus van der merwe in the oscar - nominated science fiction movie " district 9 " , howling mad murdock in the 2010 adaptation of " the a-team " , agent c.m . kruger in the science fiction movie " elysium " , james corrigan in the science fiction horror movie " europa report " and king stefan in the dark fantasy adventure movie " maleficent " . he also played the title character in the science fiction movie " chappie " , as jimmy in " hardcore henry " , and starred in two seasons as christian walker of the tv series " powers " . sharlto is married to fellow south african actress and fashion model tanit phoenix .
lynching is the execution of a person or persons , by the people of an area without the use of a court trial . often the people lynched have been hanged . other forms of lynching include being dragged to death behind a car , burning and use of a gun . what makes the execution a lynching is the nature of it being done without a court trial by people who believe the accused is guilty of a crime . lynchings have been used in the southern states of the united states of america against african americans during the time of slavery but more commonly after the abolition of slavery during the time of civil rights activism and the times of the various ku klux klans . lynching continues to be a problem to this day , and is not just limited to southern states . lynching is murder , and many times the people who do it are never punished . one horrific example of lynching is lynching of jesse washington .
irvine ( ) is a city in orange county , california , united states . it is a planned city , mostly made by the irvine company since the 1960s . the city was formally incorporated on december 28 , 1971 . the 69.7 square mile ( 180.5 km ) city has a population of about 212,793 ( as of january 1 , 2009 ) . it has united in the past a green belt or greenbelt is a policy and land use designation used in land use planning to retain areas of largely undeveloped area to the north , and has also united the former " el toro marine corps air station " , most of which is planned to be converted into the " orange county great park " . the university of california , the highest level of the state 's public higher education system , has a campus in irvine.irvine is part of the greater los angeles area .
pinckney 's treaty is a treaty between spain and the united states . it is also known as treaty of san lorenzo or treaty of madrid . it defined the boundaries of the united states with the spanish colonies and guaranteed the united states navigation rights on the mississippi river . the treaty 's full title is treaty of friendship , limits , and navigation between spain and the united states . thomas pinckney negotiated the treaty for the united states and don manuel de godoy represented spain . among other things , it ended the first phase of the west florida controversy , a dispute between the two nations over the boundaries of the spanish colony of west florida.the treaty was presented to the united states senate on february 26 , 1796 and after several weeks of debate was ratified on march 7 , 1796 . it was ratified by spain on april 25 , 1796 and ratifications were exchanged on that date . the treaty was proclaimed on august 3 , 1796 .
minik wallace ( also called mene ; about 1890 – 29 october 1918 ) was an inuit from greenland . he was brought to new york city as a child in 1897 , by the explorer robert peary . his father and four others were also brought . the six of them were studied by staff at the american museum of natural history , which was given custody of them . most of them died soon after arriving.minik was a member of the inughuit , the northernmost group of inuit in greenland . his father was named qisuk . they met peary when the explorer employed men from the inughuit during several expeditions into the arctic . peary asked some of them to come with him to new york . six of them agreed , including qisuk and minik . peary did not tell them about the real purpose of the trip . some agreed to travel to see new places ; others did not want to be separated from relatives . peary promised them that they would be able to return to greenland . soon after their arrival , the group became the objects of study . the museum staff had not made plans for their care , nor for their return.soon after arriving in new york , most of the inuit contracted the disease tuberculosis . three adults and one child died , including minik 's father . a fourth adult survived and was returned to greenland . minik was the only one left . william wallace , the curator of the museum , adopted minik . minik pleaded for a proper inuit burial for his father . the museum staff wanted to preserve qisuk 's body for study . they made a fake body and put it in a coffin . they staged a fake burial so that minik would think he was burying his father.the museum put the skeleton on display . in about 1906 , a story was published in local newspapers that stated qisuk 's skeleton was displayed in the museum . minik was told about it by his classmates at school . he then asked that his father 's bones be given to him for traditional burial . wallace supported minik in this , but the museum denied that they had the body . minik was never able to reclaim his father 's bones.minik returned to greenland in 1910 , with the help of peary . he came back to the united states in 1916 . he lived and worked there until dying of influenza in the pandemic of 1918 . kenn harper wrote a book about minik in 1986 . the book was called " give me my father 's body " . harper spent several years trying to persuade the museum of natural history to return the remains of the four inuit to greenland . he succeeded in 1993 . the bodies were buried in a funeral in qaanaaq . minik is buried in a cemetery in pittsburg , new hampshire .
on 18 march 2015 , two gunmen dressed in military uniform attacked the bardo national museum in tunis , tunisia , taking hostages . 23 people , mostly tourists , were killed in the attack , while another 50 were injured . the two gunmen were also shot dead by police in the attack . 19 foreign tourists were killed in the attack , including including four italians , two french national , one russian national , one british national , two colombians , five japanese , three polish nationals , one australian , and one spaniard were found to have been killed . another two tunisians , a police officer and a citizen , were murdered . the gunmen , yassine labidi and saber khachnaoui , were also tunisians . police called the event a terrorist attack . the islamic state of iraq and the levant later claimed responsibility for the attack .
liopleurodon was a large species of pliosaur . it was an apex predator in the upper jurassic seas , around 160 – 155 million years ago . it grew up to 6.39 metres ( 21 feet ) long . it was a relative of " pliosaurus " and " kronosaurus " . it preyed on other marine animals such as " ophthalmosaurus " . some fossil remains excavated from the kimmeridge clay formation in england indicate a much larger animal , perhaps up to long . however , these have not been put in the genus " liopleurodon " . " liopleurodon " 's nose allowed it to smell underwater . it could smell prey from some distance away . despite needing to breath air , liopleurodon spent its entire life at sea and was unable to leave the water . consequently , it would have given birth to its young alive and may have visited shallower water to breed .
the yes california independence campaign is an american political action committee . it promotes the secession of the state of california from the united states via a referendum proposed for 2019 . the campaign president is louis j. marinelli . he is a former new yorker who lives in russia he has received help from the russian government to promote his efforts . marinelli was encouraged by the news of brexit , the united kingdom plan for leaving the european union . the group has been nicknamed " calexit " for california exit . the left - wing group was allowed to set up a makeshift embassy in moscow under the name the “ embassy of the independent republic of california " . the kremlin has been known for supporting secessionist movements in europe and the united states .
a computer mouse is an input device that is used with a computer . moving a mouse along a flat surface can move the cursor to different items on the screen . items can be moved or selected by pressing the mouse buttons ( called clicking ) . today 's mice have two buttons , the left button and right button , with a scroll wheel in between the two . today , many computer mice use wireless technology and have no wire.there are many types of mouse . optical mouse , wireless mouse , mechanical mouse , trackball mouse . a computer mouse is a handheld hardware input device that controls a cursor in a gui and can move and select text , icons , files , and folders . for desktop computers , the mouse is placed on a flat surface such as a mouse pad or a desk and is placed in front of your computer . the picture to the right is an example of a desktop computer mouse with two buttons and a wheel . the mouse was originally known as the x-y position indicator for a display system and was invented by douglas engelbart in 1963 while working at xerox parc . however , due to alto 's lack of success , the first widely used application of the mouse was with the apple lisa computer.today this device is on virtually every computer . the primary function is to move the mouse pointer on the screen . the mouse pointer can be used for many actions on the computer . clicking or double clicking an icon , folder , or other object will open a document or execute the program . users can also move an icon , folder , or other object by clicking a mouse button and dragging the object with the mouse pointer . pointing to an item on the screen means moving your mouse so the pointer appears to be touching the item . when you point to something , a small box often appears that describes the item .
a feature phone is a type of mobile phone . the name " feature phone " usually means the phone can not do things that a smartphone can do . feature phones basically allow people to make phone calls and sent text messages , while a few may also be able to play multimedia and access the internet and other services offered by the user 's wireless service provider.modern feature phones can have smartphone - like 3g connectivity , touchscreens , and access to popular social networking services . however , these phones do not support software made by other companies as much as smartphones — because of this , feature phones are also called dumb phones.people often buy feature phones as they are cheaper than smartphones , especially in emerging markets . in the past few years , however , phone makers have begun to make and sell cheap smartphones for sale in places where high - end smartphones are not popular.as a result , as of 2015 , feature phones are now considered very low quality products .
hulagu khan , also known as hulagu , hülegü or hulegu ( хүлэгү , " khülegü " ; chagatai / ; arabic : هولاكو ; c. 1217 – 8 february 1265 ) , was a mongol ruler who conquered much of southwest asia.son of tolui and the kerait princess sorghaghtani beki , he was a grandson of genghis khan , and the brother of arik boke , mongke and kublai khan . he was also the step - father of absh khatun . hulagu 's army greatly expanded the southwestern portion of the mongol empire , founding the ilkhanate of persia . under his leadership , the mongols destroyed the two greatest centers of islamic power , baghdad in the year 1258 , and damascus , causing a shift of islamic influence to the mamluks in cairo .
ksenia arturovna tripolitova ( 7 may 1915 – 9 april 2020 ) was a russian - born french ballet dancer . she was born in vilna , russian empire . she began studying in the studio of lyubov yegorova . she was known for touring with her husband nikolai tripolitov during the 1930s and 1940s . in the 1960s , she began a solo career . tripolitova was known for performing during world war ii when nazis were fighting in france.in 1949 she performed in switzerland . at the end of the 1950s , she and her husband formed a vocal and dance ensemble " troika " . in the years 1954 - 1955 she worked in the opera theater in tunis . in 1957 she performed together with the ural cossack choir in spain.tripolitova turned 100 in april 2015 . she died in paris on 9 april 2020 , aged 104 .
neopets is a website that lets its users create virtual pets , and take care of them . the site was created on november 15 1999 , and has hundreds of millions of users . the website is owned by jumpstart . most of the pets that the user can create are not real animals , but are based upon real animals . neopets has story plots , chat boards , and different things that users can do with their neopets . many people of many different ages join neopets . the site has many games that the user can play . neopets has a help section to find answers to many of the questions that users may have . the games length varies from a minute or less to saveable games like neoquest that take more than 10 hours total to complete .
the old korean calendar tells the phases of the moon and the day in the solar year , like other older calendars of other east asian countries . dates are calculated from korea 's meridian . important dates are based in korean culture.the gregorian calendar officially began to be used in 1896 . the dates of older important korean events are still based on the old calendar . the most important date in korea today is seollal , the first day of the korean calendar 's new year . other important events include daeboreum ( the first full moon phase , also referred to as " boreumdaal " ) , dano ( spring ) and chuseok ( autumn ) , and samjinnal ( beginning of spring ) . other minor events based on the old korean calendar include yudu ( summer ) , and chilseok ( monsoon season ) .
joanot martorell ( 1413 – 1468 ) was the valencian author of the novel " tirant lo blanch , " which is written in the valenciandialect ( martorell calls it " the valencian vernacular " " " vulgar llengua valenciana " " used in the crown of aragon ) . first published in valencia in 1490 , it was reprinted in barcelona in 1497 , and some consider it the first modern novel in europe.it deals with the adventures of a knight in the byzantine empire with echoes of the real - life catalan company . miguel de cervantes in the book burning scene of don quixote considers it the best knight novel . martorell himself was a chivalrous man and suffered an early death due to court intrigue , leading to a colleague , marti joan de galba , finishing the novel .
a contradiction is when there are two or more statements that can not all be true at the same time . a contradiction in logic can also be used to denote a self - contradictory statement , in which case it sometimes denoted by the symbol formula_1 or formula_2 . a story that shows what a contradiction is comes from china . in this story , there is a merchant who sells both spears and shields . he says that his spears are so sharp that they could break through any shield . at the same time , he says that his shields are so strong that they could block any spear . this is a contradiction , because these two statements can not both be true . either spear will break the shield or the shield will block the spear , but not both . for this reason , the word for contradiction in chinese is " máodùn " ( 矛盾 ) , which literally means " spear and shield " . in aristotle 's logic , it is said that two contradictory propositions can not both be true . for example , the propositions " a is b " and " a is not b " are mutually exclusive , meaning that only one , and not both , can be true . for example , the statements " the pope is catholic " and " the pope is not catholic " can not both be true . only one of the statements , and not the other , is true .
poldine demoski carlo ( december 5 , 1920 – may 9 , 2018 ) was an american author . she was an elder of the koyukon people of alaska.she was a founding member of the fairbanks native association ( fna ) . she was on the alaska bicentennial commission ( abc ) board . she was a consultant for the tanana chiefs conference ( tcc ) . she is the author of " nulato : an indian life on the yukon " . the book was dedicated to her son , stewart , who died in 1975 in an auto accident.carlo was born on december 5 , 1920 in nulato , territory of alaska . she married william " bill " carlo in 1940 . they have eight children , five sons ( william , jr. , kenny , walter , glenn , and stewart ) and three daughters ( dorothy , lucy , and kathleen ) . she lives in fairbanks , alaska . a building in downtown fairbanks , owned by the fna , was named the poldine carlo building in her honor . she died on may 9 , 2018 in fairbanks , alaska at the age of 97 .
montferrat ( piedmontese : " monfrà " ; ; ) is part of the region of piedmont in northern italy . it is both a historical and geographic area . it includes either a part of the province of alessandria , or a part of the province of asti . in the middle ages , it was a small marquisate ( meaning a " small reign " ) , inside the kingdom of italy . montferrat is famous worldwide for its soft and green hills . it produces award - winning wines , including asti wine , barbera and moscato d'asti . in june 2014 , montferrat , along with langhe was declared a unesco world heritage site because of its unique characteristics.montferrat has three areas : montferrat has a strong culinary culture . it is one of the most important producers in the world of cheese , white truffle and other products of nature , such as vegetables , cereals and fruits . one of the best - known dishes of monferrato is agnolotti , which are a special type of filled pasta .
samuel willenberg ( february 16 , 1923 – february 19 , 2016 ) was a polish - born israeli prisoner in the treblinka extermination camp . he was part of its prisoner revolt , and a participant of the warsaw uprising . in the uprising , he used the name igo.willenberg was born in częstochowa , poland.after the war he lived in israel . he received the highest of poland 's orders including commander 's cross of the order of merit . it was awarded by president lech kaczyński.his memoir , titled " revolt in treblinka " , was published in hebrew , polish and english between 1986 and 1991 . he was a sculptor and painter.willenberg died on february 19 , 2016 from complications of a stroke in udim , israel . he was aged 93 . before his death , he was the last living survivor of treblinka .
laurasia was a supercontinent . it had been the northern part of the pangaea global supercontinent . pangaea split in the jurassic into laurasia and gondwana to the south.laurasia included most of the landmasses which make up today 's continents of the northern hemisphere , chiefly laurentia ( the name given to the north american craton ) , europe , baltica , siberia , kazakhstan , and china.the name combines the names of laurentia and eurasia.although laurasia is known as a mesozoic phenomenon , today it is believed that the same continents that formed the later laurasia also existed as a coherent supercontinent after the breakup of rodinia around 1 billion years ago . to avoid confusion with the mesozoic continent , this is referred to as proto - laurasia .
gelderland is a province in the east of the netherlands . the capital city is arnhem , but nijmegen and apeldoorn are bigger . other important cities are zutphen , doetinchem , harderwijk and tiel.it is surrounded by the provinces of limburg , north brabant , south holland , utrecht , flevoland and overijssel and the german federal state north rhine - westphalia.the most important rivers are the rhine ( " rijn " ) , the waal , the ijssel and the maas ( border with north brabant ) . the border with flevoland is formed by the so - called " randmeer " ( " border lake " ) of the flevopolder .
tianyuraptor is a genus of short - armed dromaeosaurid dinosaur ( ' running lizard ' ; a type of small dinosaur considered to be closely related to birds ) that lived during the early cretaceous , about 122 million years ago . its remains have been found in western liaoning , china . it was similar to other dromaeosaurids found in liaoning , with the exception of being somewhat more primitive . the type specimen , formally described in 2009 , shows features not seen in previously known northern hemisphere ( laurasian ) dromaeosaurids , but present in southern hemisphere ( gondwanan ) species and early birds.the generic name of " tianyuraptor " combines " tianyu " , referring to the shandong tianyu museum of nature where the holotype specimen is stored , with raptor , the latin word for ' robber ' .
joão teixeira de faria ( born june 24 , 1942 ) , known also as joão de deus ( john of god ) , is a brazilian medium , " psychic surgeon " and convicted sex offender . his business is set in abadiânia , brazil , where he runs the casa de dom inácio de loyola , a " spiritual healing center " . he has had media coverage on cnn , abc news and " the oprah winfrey show " . james randi and joe nickell had criticized him for his healing procedures as " nothing more than carnival tricks " and there is no evidence that the benefits of patients are placebo effects.in 2018 , after over 600 people accused him of sexual abuse , he turned himself in to police . in december 2019 he was sentenced to 19 years and four months for the rapes of four different women . on january 20 , 2020 , faria was sentenced to another 40 years in prison for rape against 5 women . the sentences add up to 63 years and 4 months .
dunkin ' donuts , often abbreviated as dd and officially known as simply dunkin ' , is an american franchise based in canton , massachusetts.the company started as a traditional donut shop , selling doughnuts and coffee . later , they added flavored coffee and iced coffee . they also began to sell breakfast sandwiches : these contain egg , cheese , and pork ( bacon , ham , or sausage ) , on bread ( bagel , croissant , or english muffin ) . with the addition of breakfast sandwiches , dunkin ' donuts has since become a popular spot for a quick breakfast.the franchise was established around 1950 , in quincy , massachusetts . as of 2010 , over ten thousand dunkin ' donuts locations exist worldwide . their largest market outside of the united states is in south korea . its name was changed to dunkin ' in 2019 .
" bart the murderer " is the fourth episode of the simpsons third season . it first started on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 . in this episode , bart stumbles upon the " mafia bar , legitimate businessman 's social club " , after having a bad day at school . the owner of the bar , mobster " fat tony " , hires bart to work as its permanent bartender . when " principal skinner " goes missing after punishing bart in school , bart is quickly accused of killing him , result | resulting in his standing trial in court . as bart is about to get convicted , skinner shows up and says that he was accidentally stuck in his garage all week . bart is therefore cleared of all the charges .
john buchan , 1st baron tweedsmuir ( 1875 - 1940 ) was a british statesman and writer , today mostly remembered for his fine adventure stories.buchan was educated at the university of glasgow and oxford , and began to write and publish stories from his college days . he later qualified as a lawyer and went to south africa to work there in a government ( colonial ) job . he later served in many countries as a representative of the british government and was later made governor - general of canada . in 1935 the british government honoured him by making him a lord . he died in perthshire , scotland , in 1940 . some of his famous adventure thrillers include " prester john " ( 1910 ) , " the thirty nine steps " ( 1915 ) and " greenmantle " ( 1916 ) . he also wrote some fine historical biographies like " montrose " ( 1928 ) and " sir walter scott " ( 1932 ) .
heliocentrism is the idea that the earth and other planets revolve around the sun , which is the center of the solar system . many people proposed heliocentrism , such as aristarchus of samos from ancient greece , but nicolaus copernicus was the first to think of good reasons why it is true . this was the beginning of modern astronomy.before copernicus , most people thought that the sun and the other planets revolved around the earth ( this was called geocentrism ) . this is because if you stand on earth , it looks like the sun and stars are moving across the sky . however , when people watched for many years they saw many things that did not make sense if the earth was the center of the solar system . for example , sometimes the planets seemed to move back and forth instead of moving around the earth . copernicus explained why these things happen in 1543 , when he published the book " de revolutionibus orbium coelestium " ( " on the revolutions of the heavenly spheres " ) . this gave his reasons for thinking the sun was at the center instead.other astronomers who made further advances after copernicus were johannes kepler and galileo galilei . for example , kepler showed that the planets do not orbit in perfect circles , and galileo built very good telescopes that helped to confirm the heliocentric model.copernicus also thought that the sun was the center of the universe , but we now know that this is incorrect . the sun is part of the milky way galaxy which is one out of billions of galaxies .
sir robert george mappin fenwick ( 5 may 1951 – 11 march 2020 ) was a new zealand environmentalist , businessman and professional director . he was born in auckland , new zealand . fenwick co-founded the organic composting service living earth ltd , the nz natural bottled water brand and te matuku oysters . he held a number of board and advisory panel positions.fenwick was appointed leader of the progressive green party in 1996 and campaigned to create a maritime park in the hauraki gulf . in 1998 , he was a founding member of the bluegreens , an environmental policy group within the new zealand national party.fenwick was knighted in the 2016 queen 's birthday honours.fenwick died on 11 march 2020 of cancer in waiheke island , new zealand at the age of 68 .
massimo mattioli ( 25 september 1943 – 23 august 2019 ) was an italian artist and cartoonist . he was born in rome.mattioli began his career in 1965 . he was also published in " corto maltese " and " frigidaire " . in 1973 he began his works with " il giornalino " , creating the character " pinky " . in 1977 , he created the underground magazine " cannibale " . in 1978 , " cannibale " published the first adventure of joe galaxy . in 1982 , he created the " squeak the mouse " series . his works helped inspire " the simpsons " creator matt groening.mattioli died on 23 august 2019 in rome after a short - illness at the age of 75 .
śrībhārgavarāghavīyam ( ) ( 2002 ) , meaning " of parashurama and rama " , is a sanskrit epic poem ( mahākāvya ) made by jagadguru rambhadracharya ( 1950 – ) in 2002 . it is made of 2121 verses in 40 sanskrit and prakrit metres and is separated into 21 cantos ( " sarga " s ) and each contains 101 verses . the epic is the story of the two rama avatars – parashurama and rama . this is found in the ramayana and other hindu books . " bhārgava " is used for parashurama , as he was born in the family of the religious teacher maharishi bhrigu , while " rāghava " is used for to rama as he was born in the royal family of king raghu . the poet was awarded the sahitya akademi award for sanskrit in 2005 , and many other awards for this work.a copy of the epic with a hindi commentary by the poet himself was published by the jagadguru rambhadracharya handicapped university , chitrakuta , uttar pradesh . the book was released by the then prime minister of india , atal behari vajpayee on october 30 , 2002 .
daniel hudson burnham ( september 4 , 1846 – june 1 , 1912 ) was an american architect and urban designer . burnham helped create buildings or streets in washington , d.c. , in new york city , and in his hometown of chicago . he helped create navy pier.burnham was born on september 4 , 1846 in henderson , new york . he was raised in chicago , illinois . he was rejected from yale university and at harvard university . burnham was married to margaret sherman from 1876 until his death in 1912 . they had two children . burnham died on june 1 , 1912 in heidelberg , germany from diabetes , aged 65 . he was buried in graceland cemetery in uptown , chicago .
lactation describes the secretion of milk from the breasts when a mother feeds her young . it occurs with almost almost all female mammals after the birth of their young . in humans the process is also called " breastfeeding " or " nursing " . in most species , milk comes out of the mother 's nipples . the platypus ( which is a monotreme mammal ) releases milk through ducts in its abdomen . in only one species of mammal , the dayak fruit bat , is milk production a normal male function.milk contains fat , lactose , and protein , as well and vitamins and minerals.apart from food nutrients , mothers ' milk contains a range of antibodies which protect the baby until it develops its own immune system . when born , a baby has igg antibodies from across the mother 's placenta . its own immunoglobulin production takes about six months to develop after birth , so meantime the mother 's milk supplies iga as a stop - gap protection.milk production requires the hormones prolactin and oxytocin.the evolution of milk production made use of a feature which was present before modern mammals . the cells which produce milk were developed from the apocrine glands in the skin : meaning : since the skin of synapsids had glands in it , the development of milk production was possible .
rush university medical center is an academic medical center located in west side , chicago , illinois . it has a patient capacity of 664 . it includes hospital facilities for adults and children . it is near the united center and the university of illinois at chicago.the hospital also includes the johnston r. bowman health center ( a 61 - bed rehabilitation facility ) . it is a partner of rush university . rush is a not - for - profit health care , education and research center.rush is the largest non-governmental employer on chicago 's west side and is the 20th largest private sector employer in chicago , with more than 8,000 employees and a payroll of more than $ 500 million .
david russell strathairn ( born january 26 , 1949 ) is an american actor and entertainer . he was nominated for an academy award in 2006 for his role as edward r. murrow in " good night , and good luck " . he is also known for his role as secretary of state william h. seward in the 2012 movie " lincoln " . he won an emmy award in 2010 . strathairn was born on january 26 , 1949 in san francisco , california . his grandparents were scottish . he studied at redwood high school , at williams college , and he studied to become a clown at ringling brothers and barnum & bailey clown college . strathairn has been married to logan goodman since 1980 . they have two children . he now lives in poughkeepsie , new york .
nigel john taylor ( born 20 june 1960 ) is an english musician , singer , songwriter , producer and actor . he was bass guitarist of the new wave band duran duran from its founding in 1978 before leaving in 1997 . the group has had 14 singles in the top 10 of the uk singles chart and 21 in the us " billboard " hot 100 . duran duran have sold over 100 million records worldwide . after he left , taylor appeared in a number of movies such as " sugar town " ( 1999 ) . he rejoined the band in 2001 . taylor was born in solihull , warwickshire . he grew up in nearby hollywood , worcestershire . during the 1990s , he was married to amanda de cadenet . the couple have one child . he married his second wife gela nash in 1999 . in 2013 , taylor became an american citizen , holding dual citizenship.in april 2020 , during the 2019 – 20 coronavirus pandemic , taylor revealed that he tested positive to covid - 19 .
mesh networking is a kind of network topology , a way computer networks and other networks are laid out . in mesh networking , each node is connected to one or more other nodes . information is passed from one node to the next , until it reaches its target destination . such networks can be very reliable because there is usually more than one path from one node to another . when a node fails , the data will simply take another route.the disadvantage of such networks is that building them can be very expensive . a network in which each node is directly connected to every other node is called a fully connected network . another type of a mesh network is a mobile ad hoc network . in such a network the nodes are mobile , and the network may reorganize itself while it is running.according to reed 's law , the value of fully meshed networks is proportional to the exponent of the number of subscribers . metcalf 's law , in contrast asserts that the value is proportional to the square of the number of subscibers .
alex higgins ( born in belfast on march 18 , 1949 ) was a snooker player from northern ireland . he started playing snooker at the age of 11 . he became a professional player in 1972 when he was 22 . he won the 1972 world snooker championship by beating john spencer 37 frames to 32 . ten years later , he won the 1982 world snooker championship by defeating ray reardon 18 frames to 15 . higgins was nicknamed the " hurricane " because of his fast play around the table . higgins retired from professional snooker in 1997 . higgins smoked 60 cigarettes a day for many years . in june 1998 , he was found to have throat cancer . on july 24 , 2010 , he died in belfast at the age of 61 . the cause of death was a combination of malnutrition , pneumonia , and a bronchial condition . he was clear from throat cancer when he died .
the gila river arena is a sports arena in glendale , arizona . the arena opened on december 26 , 2003 , and is the current home to the arizona coyotes of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . the arena was originally known as glendale arena until online company jobing.com acquired naming rights in late 2006 for 10 years , which cost a reported $ 30 million . the building became jobing.com arena on january 1 , 2007 . in 2014 , the team ended the contract with jobing.com and reached a new deal with the gila river casinos , owned by a local tribe of native americans . the new arena name became official on september 10 , 2014 . the arena currently seats 17,125 people ( 17,534 with standing room ) . the arizona sting of the national lacrosse league ( nll ) also played in the arena from 2003 to 2007 .
alanis nadine morissette ( born 1 june 1974 ) is a grammy award - winning canadian - american singer and songwriter . she was born in ottawa , canada . she began singing in canada as a teenager in 1990 . in 1995 , she became popular all over the world.as a young child in canada , morissette began to act on television , including 5 episodes of the long - running series , " you ca n't do that on television " . her first album was released only in canada in 1990 . her first international album was " jagged little pill " , released in 1995 . it was a rock - influenced album . " jagged " has sold more than 33 million units globally . it became the best - selling debut album in music history . her next album , " supposed former infatuation junkie " , was released in 1998 . it was a success as well . morissette took up producing duties for her next albums , which include " under rug swept " , " so - called chaos " and " flavors of entanglement " . morissette has sold more than 60 million albums worldwide.she also acted in several movies , including kevin smith 's " dogma " , where she played god .
the african penguin ( " spheniscus demersus " ) , also known as the black - footed or jackass penguin ) , is found on the south - western coast of africa . it lives in colonies on 24 islands between namibia and algoa bay , near port elizabeth , south africa . the largest colony on dyer island , near kleinbaai . two colonies were established by penguins in the 1980s on the mainland near cape town at boulders beach near simon 's town and stony point in betty 's bay . mainland colonies probably only became possible in recent times due to fewer predators , although the betty 's bay colony has been attacked by leopards . the only other mainland colony is in namibia , but it is not known when this was established.the african penguin may live up to 20 years . it grows up to 65 cm tall and weighs up to 3 kg . they eat fish , crabs and squids . the breeding time is 38 days.boulders beach is a tourist attraction , for the beach , swimming and the penguins . the penguins will allow people to approach them as close as a meter ( three ft ) . the closest relatives of the african penguins are the humboldt and magellanic penguins found in southern south america and the galápagos penguin found in the pacific ocean near the equator .
state street is a major thoroughfare in the city of chicago . it represents 0 east / west in the city , as it is believed to be the original location of how far inland lake michigan went in downtown chicago before the great chicago fire happened . unlike other north - south thoroughfares , state street is named a street instead of an avenue to help people remember that it is 0 east / west in chicago.for a certain distance , the chicago transit authority 's ( cta ) red line runs under state street .0 north / south in chicago is madison street , which has included such buildings as the former chicago stadium and currently the united center , both nicknamed the " madhouse on madison " .
the johnson county war , also known as the war on powder river and the wyoming range war , was a conflict over farmland that took place in johnson county , wyoming between 1889 and 1893 . the conflicts began when cattle companies started ruthlessly persecuting alleged rustlers in the area , many of whom were innocent settlers that competed with them for land , livestock and water rights . as tensions swelled between the large established ranchers and the smaller settlers in the state , violence finally culminated in powder river country , when the ranchers hired armed gunmen to invade the county . the gunmen 's initial incursion in the territory aroused the small farmers and ranchers , as well as the state lawmen , and they formed a posse of 200 men that led to a grueling stand - off . the siege ended when the united states cavalry on the orders of president benjamin harrison relieved the two forces , although further fighting persisted in the following months.the events have since become a highly mythologized and symbolic story of the wild west , and over the years variations of the storyline have come to include some of its most famous historical figures . in addition to being one of the most well - known range wars of the american frontier , its themes , especially class warfare , served as a basis for numerous popular novels , films , and television shows in the western genre .
badwater basin is a basin in death valley national park , death valley , california . the water which goes into it does not flow into any ocean.badwater basin is the lowest point in north america , at below sea level . mount whitney , the highest point in the 48 states , is only 76 miles west of the basin . it is one of the lowest places in death valley.badwater basin has a small natural pool of undrinkable water next to the road . the water comes from a spring . it is called ' badwater ' because people can not drink the water . this is because so much salt has built up from the basin . the pool does have animals and plants living there , including pickleweed , insects , and the badwater snail.the pool is not actually the lowest point of the basin . the lowest point is several miles to the west , the exact point which is lowest changes . however , the salt flats are dangerous to travel across ( in many cases being only a thin white crust over mud ) , therefore the sign states that the lowest point is at the pool , where people can see it . some people say that it is the lowest point in the western hemisphere , but this is not true . the lowest point is actually laguna del carbón in argentina at -105 meters ( -344 feet ) .
yair lapid , hebrew : יאיר לפיד , ( born november 5 , 1963 in tel aviv ) is an israeli politician of yesh atid ( " there is a future " ) . lapid is founder and party chair of yesh atid . he has been a member of knesset since 2013 , and was finance minister in the third netanyahu government from 2013 to 2014 . since may 17 , 2020 he has been leading the opposition.previously he worked as an actor , journalist , news anchor and television presenter . he has also written several books.yair lapid is the son of the late politician and journalist tommy lapid and playwright and novelist shulamit lapid .
suheil salman al - hassan ( arabic : سهيل الحسن ) ( born 10 june 1970 ) , nicknamed the tiger , is a brigadier general in the syrian army , currently serving as commander of its elite tiger forces . he graduated from the syrian arab air force academy in 1991 , and served in many units of the syrian arab air forces and air defence command , completing several training courses . after serving in the syrian arab air force and syrian arab air defence units , he joined the air force intelligence service , where he was responsible for the training of the elements of the special operations section . during the syrian civil war , suheil al - hassan has served and commanded his troops during several major engagements , including operation canopus star and the battle for the shaer gas field . he is part of the new generation of field syrian army commanders who emerged during the civil war . french newspaper " le monde " has claimed he could be a rival to assad as leader of syria.al - hassan was described by analysts as preferring russia ( as opposed to iran ) to serve as the syrian government 's main ally during the syrian civil war and subsequent post-war reconstruction . his position is contrasted by maher al - assad , brother of syrian president bashar al - assad and head of syria 's republican guard and 4th armoured division , who is reported as preferring iran . his great friend sari hemeche is also one of the strongest officers in the syrian arab army
skimboarding is a form of shallow water surfing.when the waves at shallow water were poor , surfers would often attempt to surf in shallow breaking water . this led to the making of smaller , lighter boards , named skimboards for the way they allow the user to skim across the surface of the water . lifeguards were quick to adopt these new boards and used skimboarding as a way to quickly move up and down the beach in shallow water . skimboarding has progressed and is now a recognized sport . competitions are held each year around the world and produce large amounts of revenue for the market interested in this sport . these competitions also allow skimboarders to exhibit maneuvers that technology , evolution and skill have made possible .
jesse willard " pete " carr ( april 22 , 1950 – june 27 , 2020 ) was an american guitarist and record producer . carr was born in daytona beach , florida.carr worked with joan baez , luther ingram , bob seger , joe cocker , boz scaggs , paul simon , the staple singers , rod stewart , barbra streisand , wilson pickett , hank williams , jr. , among many others , over the past forty years.carr co-produced seger 's " stranger in town " album which featured the hit " old time rock and roll " . carr died on june 27 , 2020 in florence , alabama at the age of 70 .
phewa tal ( phewa lake or fewa lake ) is a lake in nepal and is the biggest lake in the pokhara . it is famous for having a lot of domestic and international tourists who visit and sail , swim and fish on the phewa lake . the shadow of a nearby white mountain can be seen on the surface of the lake.there is also a talbarahi temple hindu temple on the center of the lake . if people want to visit the temple they must take a boat.phewa lake is the second largest lake in the nepal . it is the only lake in nepal , that have a temple in the centre of the lake . and that temple is called barahi mandir . < br >
singapore airlines is an airline based in singapore . it carries people from singapore to 5 continents in the world . it is a major airline in southeast asia as well as on the " kangaroo route " from australia to the uk from singapore . the company was the first airline to operate the airbus a380 , the world 's largest passenger jet with a nickname of " superjumbo " – as well as the boeing 787 - 10 and the longer range version of the airbus a350 - 900 . it was used to fly the longest planned flight in the world , from singapore to newark but only to be flown by the airbus a340 - 500 until they were dropped in november 2013 until they operate it back with the new airbus a350 - 900ulr in october 2018 with modified fuel system . in addition , there is also a low - cost airline , called scoot . scoot is the airline that has a mix of airbus a320 and boeing 787 . singapore airlines was given " airline of the year " by skytrax in 2008 . its hub , singapore changi airport , was given " airport of the year " in 2006 .
joe linus barton ( born september 15 , 1949 ) is an american republican politician . he represented in the u.s. house of representatives from 1985 to 2019 . he is a member of the tea party caucus.barton supported deregulation of the electricity and natural gas industries , and serves as vice-chairman of the house energy and commerce committees.barton was divorced from his first wife in 1992 , remarried in 2002 , and divorced from his second wife in 2015 . he has four children.in november 2017 , nude selfie pictures of barton surfaced online , which he acknowledged were authentic , and which he apologized for to his constituents . an anonymous twitter user posted the photo of barton . many people believe that barton is a victim of " revenge porn " ( the act of posting sexual - related media without the person 's permission ) .
abdelkrim ghallab ( december 31 , 1919 – august 14 , 2017 ) was a moroccan political journalist , cultural commentator , and novelist . he was born in fes , morocco . he was an important figure both in the literary and political field . he studied both at the university of al - karaouine in fez and at the university of cairo.ghallab was the author of five novels and three collections of short stories . his best known novel is " dafann al - m 'd ( the buried past ) " , 1966 . according to simon gikandi his arabic style is known for its " graceful and at times scholarly classicism " . in 2000 , the union of arab writers in egypt included his novel " al - mu`alîm ` ali " ( master alí ) among the hundred best arabic novels in history . in 2001 , the moroccan department of culture published the complete works of ghallab in five volumes . in 2004 he was awarded the maghreb culture prize of tunis . his work has been translated in many languages.ghallab died in el jadida on august 14 , 2017 , aged 97 .
jackanory is a long - running bbc children 's television series . it was made to interest children in reading . the show began on 13 december 1965 . the first story was the fairy - tale " cap - o ' - rushes " read by lee montague . " jackanory " continued to be broadcast until 1996 . they made around 3,500 episodes in its 30 - year run . the final story , " the house at pooh corner " by a . a. milne , was read by alan bennett . it was broadcast on 24 march 1996 . the show returned on 27 november 2006 for two stories.the show 's format had an actor read from children 's novels or folk tales , usually while seated in an armchair . from time to time the scene being read would be illustrated by a specially made still drawing . they were often done by quentin blake . usually a single book would take five daily fifteen - minute episodes , from monday to friday.a few " jackanory " stories took the form of a play rather than stories being read . these were made in a series of fully cast and dressed for costume dramas . these were named " jackanory playhouse " and were thirty minutes in length . these included a dramatisation by philip glassborow of the comical a . a. milne story " the princess who could n't laugh . "
the church of the subgenius is a religion founded by ivan stang and philo drummond . originally based in dallas , texas , it is now based in cleveland heights , ohio . in 2009 , stang said that the church of the subgenius has 40,000 followers , but the real number of followers is not known.the church 's beliefs are said to be very complex . the church teaches that it was founded by a salesman named j. r. " bob " dobbs . in 1953 " bob " was fixing his tv which he made , and the space god jhvh - 1 gave him knowledge of the past and future , and the idea of " slack " . the church teaches that there is a conspiracy to make humans work , so that they ca n't have " slack " . it says that its members are descended from yetis . it also said that aliens would come to earth on 5 july 1998 .
the intercontinental cup was an international football competition . it was approved by the union of european football associations ( uefa ) and the confederación sudamericana de fútbol ( conmebol ) . teams from these confederations played against each other . it was usually the winners of the uefa champions league against the south american copa libertadores winners . it ran from 1960 to 2004 . the fifa club world cup replaced it . these cups ran at the same time from 2000 to 2004 . the intercontinal cup was also known as european / south american cup , or the toyota cup from 1980 to 2004 . this was because they had an agreement with the car maker toyota.between 1960 and 1979 , the competition was two matches between the same teams . there was a playoff if the teams were level until 1968 . after this date , there were penalty kicks instead . during the 1970s , the european teams were unsure about playing due to events in the 1969 final . some european cup - winning teams did not play . from 1980 , the competition was a single match . the teams played in japan . the sponsor was the multinational car maker toyota . it gave a second trophy called the toyota cup . the organisation of the competition was then done by the japan football association . uefa and conmebol continued to approve of the tournament.the first winner of the cup was spanish team real madrid . they beat peñarol of uruguay in 1960 . the last winner was portuguese team porto . they beat colombian team once caldas in a penalty shoot - out in 2004 . the competition ended in 2004 . it merged with the fifa club world cup in 2005 .
the mighty mighty bosstones ( informally known as the bosstones ) are an american ska punk band from boston , massachusetts which formed in 1983 . the bosstones are widely credited as one of the originators of the genre of ska punk , a style which mixes the rhythms of ska music with the fast tempo and distortion of punk rock and hardcore punk.first becoming notable in the underground music scene , the bosstones steadily grew in popularity throughout the mid-1990s . their fourth album , 1994 's " question the answers " , sold over 500,000 copies and became a gold record . in 1995 , they appeared in the hit movie " clueless " and in 1997 , the band released their most successful album , " let 's face it " , which sold over one million copies and spawned the hit single " the impression that i get " , which charted at # 1 on the billboard modern rock songs and entered the top 20 in the united states , the united kingdom and australia . although none of the bosstones ' future albums or singles were able to meet with the same kind of success , the band has kept a loyal following and continue to tour and record.the bosstones briefly disbanded in 2003 , though reunited in 2007 to continue touring and recording . the band has released nine studio albums , three eps and a live album .
kinshasa is the capital city of the democratic republic of the congo ( once called zaire ) . it is the third largest city in the continent of africa ( after lagos and cairo ) . about eleven million people live there . kinshasa is also a province in the democratic republic of the congo.kinshasa is on one side of the congo river , and brazzaville , the capital of the republic of congo , is on the other side . kinshasa and brazzaville are the nearest country capitals in the world.henry morton stanley founded ( started ) the town in 1881 and called it léopoldville ( after king léopold ii of belgium , who controlled the congo free state now the democratic republic of the congo ) , next to a village called nshasa or kinshasa . the city was originally private property ( not public ) . the post developed successfully as the first navigable port on the congo river above livingstone falls , a series of rapids over 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) below leopoldville . at first , all goods arriving by sea or being sent by sea had to be carried by porters between léopoldville and matadi . later a railway went around the falls.léopoldville changed its name to kinshasa in 1966 .
carolina evelyn klüft ( born february 2 , 1983 ) is a swedish athlete . she competes in heptathlon , long jump and pentathlon . she is the current olympic , world ( twice ) and european ( twice ) heptathlon champion and is regarded as one of the best female athletes in the world . since 16/09/2002 , klüft has been continuously ranked as the world 's leading heptathlete , by the iaaf . this is currently the longest of any athlete.she is also normally a member of the swedish 4 × 100 m relay team at international competitions , and was part of the team that set the national record.her main coach is agne bergvall . she is 5 ft 10 in ( 1.78 m ) tall and weighs 65 kg.on 2 september 2012 , during the finland - sweden athletics international at ullevi , carolina klüft officially ended her career and retired from sports .
the chandrasekhar limit is the maximum mass of a stable white dwarf star . building on work by others , the indian physicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar worked on the calculation . he published series of papers between 1931 and 1935 . the chandrasekhar limit is about 1.4 times the mass of the sun.the chandrasekhar limit is the mass above which electron degeneracy pressure in the star 's core is not enough to balance the star 's own gravitational self - attraction . then , white dwarfs with masses over the limit would gravitationally collapse into a neutron star or black hole . however , white dwarfs usually explode before they undergo collapse . those with masses under the limit remain stable as white dwarfs .
a carillon is a musical instrument consisting of bells . carillons are usually in bell towers , and are made up of at least 23 bells . ( if there are less than 23 bells , the instrument is called a chime . ) a church in michigan , called kirk in the hills , has 77 bells , the most of any carillon.the bells in a carillon are usually made to ring using a keyboard . it is similar to the one in a piano or organ , but is made up of wooden batons that are hit with closed fists instead of pressing them with fingers ( see the picture on the left ) . each baton is linked to a bell with a different pitch and makes it ring out . the bell with the lowest pitch is called the " bourdon " , and many carillons have pedal keyboards for the largest bells . the instrument is very heavy , and the world 's heaviest carillon , which is in a new york city church , weights 91 tonnes.not all carillons use a keyboard . some of them are automated , meaning they play music without a human . they can be controlled using a clockwork mechanism , similar to the one in big ben , so that the music plays at certain times every day . two examples of this kind of carillon are the spasskaya tower of the moscow kremlin and the munttoren in amsterdam . more recent carillons , such as the one in the peace tower in ottawa , are computer - controlled .
sir roger casement ( 1 september 1864 – 3 august 1916 ) was an irish nationalist and british diplomat . he served as british consul in boma , the capital of the congo free state and reported human rights abuses there . he helped a campaign against king léopold ii of belgium 's rule in the congo free state which lead him to relinquish his african kingdom to the belgian parliament in 1908 . he was an irish revolutionary . after participating in the 1916 rising , he was executed for treason by hanging by the british.his role in the rising was in the importation of guns , he was arrested in tralee , county kerry.at his trial he was outed as gay , this was discovered through his diary .
malpiya davey ( born 1959 ) , also known as irpintiri davey , is an aboriginal australian artist from pukatja , south australia . she is best known for her ceramic artworks , but she also does painting , printmaking and weaving . davey works for ernabella arts , the community arts co-operative in pukatja . ernabella arts opened a ceramic studio in 2003 , and malpiya has since become one of its most prolific artists . she specialises in ceramic sgraffito.malpiya is pitjantjatjara . her parent 's country is to the west of pukatja between watarru and iltur , close to the border with western australia . she decorates the ceramic with glazed or painted designs . her designs depict various traditional bush foods from her family 's country , such as ' ( desert raisins ) , ' ( quandong ) and " " ( wild figs ) . these are the subject of many of her sgraffito pieces.malpiya 's ceramic work has been shown in several major exhibitions around australia , including at flinders university , cudgegong gallery , strathnairn homestead gallery , and the museum and art gallery of the northern territory . it was also featured twice at the annual desert mob exhibition in alice springs , in 2003 and 2004 . examples are held in the permanent collections of the grafton regional gallery in new south wales , the art gallery of south australia , and the national gallery of australia . the national museum of australia also contains examples of malpiya 's screen prints .
mountain biking is the sport of riding bicycles off - road . often this is done over rough terrain . mountain biking uses specially designed mountain bikes . mountain bikes are similar to other bikes , but have features designed to make them stronger and hold up in rough terrain.mountain biking can generally be broken down into multiple categories . these include cross country , trail riding , all mountain ( also referred to as " enduro " ) , downhill , freeride and dirt jumping . however , the majority of mountain biking falls into the categories of trail and cross country riding styles.this individual sport requires the rider to have endurance , core strength and balance . the rider also needs bike handling skills , and self - reliance . advanced riders take on steep technical descents and high incline climbs . mountain biking can be performed almost anywhere from a back yard to a gravel road , but the majority of mountain bikers ride off - road trails . using the bike 's brakes must be done carefully on a mountain bike , especially when going downhill . in order to work on rough terrain , mountain bikes have several gears from which to choose . it is recommended to use safety gear such as helmet , gloves , elbow and knee pads to avoid injuries in rough terrain . mountain biking should be done so as to enjoy the ride but not damage the environment .
john wilkes booth ( may 10 , 1838 – april 26 , 1865 ) was an american actor who shot and killed u.s. president abraham lincoln on april 14 , 1865 , in washington , d.c. lincoln died the next morning . booth was born in bel air , harford county , maryland to english immigrant parents . he was a very well - known stage actor who supported the confederacy during the american civil war . he was angry with lincoln for supporting voting rights for former slaves , and he hoped to rally the remaining confederate troops to keep fighting the war , which was coming to an end . booth was chased by united states soldiers and killed at a farm in virginia 12 days after the assassination .
the ectasian is the second geological period in the mesoproterozoic . it began 1.4 billion years ago and ended at 1.2 billion years ago . the ectasian came after the calymmian and before the stenian.this period shows for the first evidence of sexual reproduction . the 1.2 billion - year - old hunting formation on somerset island , canada , is from the end of the ectasian . it has the microfossils of the multicellular filaments of " bangiomorpha pubescens " ( a type of red algae ) . this was the first organism that had sexual reproduction .
chemical weapons were a major part of world war i . it was the first time that chemical weapons were widely used in warfare . the gas was very harmful to both sides because the gas would often blow back into the attackers front lines . for this reason the use of gas was feared by both sides . gas masks were used to stop the gas by preventing it from traveling to the lungs . the first masks were big and clumsy . this caused them to be hated.the soldiers and the public had been told that the first world war would have been over by december of 1914 . in 1916 the war was still going on , and a stalemate had been reached . ‘ the triple alliance ’ and ‘ the triple entente ’ had to compete to create better technology to break the stalemate and to win the war.gas was a very effective way of attacking the enemy without direct contact . the first use of gas in the war was in 1914 , when the french used tear gas grenades against the germans . this sparked an idea for the germans , and on 31st of january 1915 , they first used gas on a large scale . over 18,000 shells filled with gas were launched towards the russians . this attack failed . chlorine gas saw its first use on the 22nd of april 1915 by the germans against the french . the french thought it was tear gas so took not so much notice of it . as it hit them , they fled in fear and some were overcome with the poisonous gas . a big opportunity had opened up for the germans . they however had not thought chlorine gas had such deadly effects , so retreated , missing a huge opportunity.britain ’s first use of gas was in december of 1915 . this caused public outcry . people saw it as inhumane . this lasted during and after the war . the factories that manufactured the gases were not allowed to call them gases . an act had been signed years before forbidding the use of poisonous gases in combat . the gas was referred to as an accessory.in wwii , hitler refused to use gas against the enemy , as he was a victim of a gas attack in the past.types of gas : many soldiers suffered from gas attacks but only 3 % of those affected actually died . however blindness was a common side effect of exposure . death was slow and very painful . most soldiers were sent home to die . some took many months to die.russia suffered the most casualties , adding up to a total of 57,000 . gas attacks were the thing soldiers in the trenches feared over anything .
the crafoord prize is an annual science prize established in 1980 by holger and anna - greta crafoord . it is administered by the royal swedish academy of sciences.the prize is for " international basic research in the disciplines astronomy , mathematics , geosciences , and biosciences , with particular emphasis on ecology , and rheumatoid arthritis " ( the disease from which holger severely suffered in his last years ) . according to the academy , " these disciplines are chosen so as to complement those for which the nobel prizes are awarded . " only one award is given each year , according to a rotating scheme – astronomy and mathematics ; then geosciences ; then biosciences . a crafoord prize is only awarded for arthritis when a committee decides that substantial progress in the field has been made . on crafoord day in april , the prize is presented by the king of sweden , who also presents the nobel prize awards at the ceremony in december . the prize is to fund further research by the prize winner . in 2012 it is us $ 600,000 .
ibn taymiyyah ( 661 - 728 ah / 1263 - 1328 ce ) is regarded as one of the prominent sunni islamic scholars and mujaddids ( renewers or revivers ) of islam . his full name is ahmad ibn abdul haleem ibn abdus salam ibn taymiyyah . his titles are sheikh al - islam , the imām , the scholar , the mufassir ( exegete ) , the faqīh ( jurist ) , the mujtahid , the hāfidh , the muḥaddith ( master of hadith ) . he was a member of the islamic jurisprudence school founded by ahmad ibn hanbal . he was notable for wanting to return islam to what he viewed as earlier interpretations of the qur ' an and the sunnah . he lived during the troubled times of the mongol invasions in syam . he is the most influential teacher of ibnul qayyim .
algebra ( from arabic : الجبر , transliterated " al - jabr " , meaning " reunion of broken parts " ) is a part of mathematics ( often called math in the united states and maths or numeracy in the united kingdom ) . it uses variables to represent a value that is not yet known . when an equals sign ( = ) is used , this is called an equation . a very simple equation using a variable is : 2 + 3 = x . in this example , x = 5 , or it could also be said that " x equals five " . this is called " solving for x " . besides equations , there are inequalities ( " less than " and " greater than " ) . a special type of equation is called the function . this is often used in making graphs because it always turns one input into one output.algebra can be used to solve real problems because the rules of algebra work in real life and numbers can be used to represent the values of real things . physics , engineering and computer programming are areas that use algebra all the time . it is also useful to know in surveying , construction and business , especially accounting.people who do algebra use the rules of numbers and mathematic operations used on numbers . the simplest are adding , subtracting , multiplying , and dividing . more advanced operations involve exponents , starting with squares and square roots.algebra was first used to solve equations and inequalities . two examples are linear equations ( the equation of a straight line , y = mx + b ) and quadratic equations , which has variables that are squared ( multiplied by itself , for example : 2 * 2 , 3 * 3 , or x * x ) .
the seventh - day adventist church is a protestant christian group . it is different from most other protestant groups because the followers believe that the seventh day of the week , saturday , is the day to rest from working and worship god . the bible calls this day the " sabbath " . the sabbath is the seventh day of the week ( gen 2:1 - 3 ) in judaism and in the seventh - day adventist church . this is why they are called " seventh - day adventists " . although the abbreviation " sda " is commonly used , " adventist " is the church 's preferred shortening of " seventh - day adventist " . the seventh - day adventist church came from the millerite movement in the united states . this included people from many denominations . the millerites started in the middle part of the 19th century . the millerites were people who followed the teachings of william miller . miller preached that jesus is coming very soon , in the second coming or second advent . the church name " adventist " came from the word " advent . " the seventh - day adventist church started in 1863 . in many ways , the religious teachings of the seventh - day adventist church are like evangelical teachings such as the trinity and biblical inerrancy . teachings that are different include the doctrine of an investigative judgment , the unconscious state of the dead ( which means that when people die , they will not wake up until christ resurrects them ) , and that the wicked will be destroyed forever by fire ( rather than forever burn in hell ) . the church is also known for its message on health . it teaches that being healthy helps us to make good decisions , understand god ’s word , be productive in god ’s service , and otherwise glorify god with our bodies as temples . adventists who eat meat typically do not eat meat from pigs , certain fish , and other animals that the bible names as unclean . many adventists are vegetarian ( no meat ) or vegan ( no animal products , such as milk or eggs ) . they tend to stay away from smoking , drinking and other things known to be harmful or mind - altering . exercise , being outdoors , resting , and drinking lots of water are other parts to healthy living usually taught by adventists . in 2005 , a national geographic cover story identified the adventists living in loma linda , california , as one of five blue zones of people living longer than the rest of the world.the church also promotes religious liberty . when it comes to culture , it is more conservative.among the founders of the church was ellen g. white . she wrote many texts that are still thought to be very important in the church today . she was a dedicated christian who believed she got visions from god about the end of the world and what heaven will be like.at a world level , the seventh - day adventist church is run by a general conference . smaller regions are administered by divisions , union conferences and local conferences . it is present in over 200 countries and territories and is ethnically and culturally diverse . the church runs many schools , hospitals and publishing houses worldwide , as well as a famous organization that helps people in trouble , known as the adventist development and relief agency ( adra ) . there are about 18.5 million people in the seventh - day adventist church worldwide .
the legislative assembly of ontario is the legislature of the province of ontario , canada . it has the second largest number of members out of the provincial legislatures of canada . it meets at the ontario legislative building in toronto , the provincial capital.the assembly was created in 1867 by the british north america act . the assembly is unicameral , meaning there is no upper house . there are 124 members of the assembly , who are called members of provincial parliament ( mpps ) . each member is elected from one electoral district . the party with the most members gets to choose the premier of ontario , who leads the government , and the executive council of ontario , which is the cabinet . the leader of the second largest party in the assembly becomes the leader of the opposition.the current assembly was elected in the 2018 ontario general election . the members that were elected are part of the 42nd parliament of ontario .
the bartons arms is a pub in the newton neighborhood of aston , birmingham . it is in the country of england.the pub was built in 1901 . it had special walls built that let middle class people drinking in the bar see the working class drinkers on the other side , but the working class drinkers could not see the middle - class people watching them . laurel and hardy visited the pub . there are photographs of them serving beer to bar visitors.the bartons arms is in the movie " felicia 's journey " and a book , " the last viking : the untold story of the world 's greatest heist , " by ron dawson . in 2006 the pub had a fire due to electrical problems . in the 2011 england riots the pub was attacked .
wind power in the united states is a growing industry . as of 2011 , the total installed capacity of was 42,432 megawatts ( mw ) , making it second in the world , behind china . in 2010 wind power accounted for 2.3 % of the electricity generated in the united states . this amounted to 94,650 thousand megawatt - hours of electricity.driven by state renewable energy mandates , fourteen states have installed over 1,000 mw of wind capacity , and a total of 37 states now have installed at least some large - scale wind power . texas , with 10,135 mw of capacity , has the most installed wind power capacity of any u.s. state , followed by iowa with 3,675 mw . the roscoe wind farm ( 781 mw ) in texas is the largest wind farm in the us as of 2011 . the u.s. wind industry generates tens of thousands of jobs and billions of dollars . wind projects boost local tax bases , and help the economy of rural communities by providing a steady income stream to farmers with wind turbines on their land . ge energy is the largest domestic wind turbine manufacturer .
bastian schweinsteiger ( born 1 august 1984 , in kolbermoor , germany ) is a german football player . he plays as midfielder for chicago fire and the germany national team . he has a brother , tobias , who is also a footballer and is playing for unterhaching on loan in the third german league . as of 11 july 2015 , schweinsteiger was transferred under a disclosed fee to manchester united after bayern ceo karl - heinz rummenigge announced the transfer in a press conference . schweinsteiger has been in a relationship with ana ivanovic since september 2014 . the couple married on 12 july 2016 in venice .
robert benjamin silvers ( december 31 , 1929 – march 20 , 2017 ) was an american editor and essayist . he served as editor of " the new york review of books " from 1963 to 2017 . silvers was co-editor of the " review " with barbara epstein for over 40 years until her death in 2006 and was the sole editor of the magazine after that until his own death.among other honors , he was a chevalier of the french légion d’honneur and a member of the french ordre national du mérite.silvers also edited or co-edited several essay anthologies , including " writing in america " ( 1960 ) ; " a middle east reader : selected essays on the middle east " ( 1991 ) ; " the first anthology : thirty years of the new york review " ( 1993 ) ; " hidden histories of science " ( 1995 ) ; " india : a mosaic " ( 2000 ) ; " doing it : five performing arts " ( 2001 ) ; " the legacy of isaiah berlin " ( 2001 ) ; " striking terror " ( 2002 ) ; " the company they kept " ( vol . 1 , 2006 ; vol . 2 , 2011 ) ; " the consequences to come : american power after bush " ( 2008 ) ; and " the new york review abroad : fifty years of international reportage " ( 2013 ) . silvers died on march 20 , 2017 at his home in new york city from complications of pneumonia , aged 87 .
intel core is the name of a family of 32 - bit dual - core microprocessors . it was made by the technology company intel . intel core processors are based on pentium m technology . those processors are more advanced than intel p6 processors . this architecture , or way to build a processor , is now replaced by core 2 microarchitecture . in the core family , there are two groups : the duo ( with two cores ) and solo ( duo with one disabled core ) . the solo line replaced the pentium m one - core processor.september 2006 and january 4 , 2008 were times when many core cpus stopped selling .
a video projector takes a video signal and projects the corresponding image on a screen using a lens system . all video projectors use a very bright light to project the image , and most modern ones can correct any curves , blurriness , and other inconsistencies through manual settings . video projectors are widely used for conference room presentations , classroom training , and home theatre applications.a video projector may also be built into a cabinet with a rear - projection screen to form a single unified display device , now popular for “ home theater ” applications.common display resolutions for a portable projector include svga ( 800 × 600 pixels ) , xga ( 1024 × 768 pixels ) , and 720p ( 1280 × 720 pixels ) . the cost of a device is not only determined by its resolution , but also by its light output , acoustic noise output , contrast , and other characteristics .
mog , is the main character in a series of books for children . the author is judith kerr . in the series mog was well loved by mr and mrs thomas ( mog 's owners ) and their two children nicky and debbie . in the books mog , a cat , would often get into a difficult situation with a new character or event.mog died of old age in the final book , " goodbye , mog " and goes to heaven . it was published in 2002 . it is not usual for a pet to die in stories for young children just learning to read . kerr said " " i do n't think it was so much about killing off mog , as rather doing something about dying ... and being remembered . "
the sawfish are a family of rays which have a long body , like a shark . one feature that separates a sawfish from other rays is its long , saw - like snout . on either side of this " rostrum " are little teeth like a saw.sawfish have a mouth , nostrils , and gill slits under their body , just like a ray . also , their pectoral fins are enlarged , like those of a ray . also like rays , when they settle on the bottom , they take in water through two spiracles just behing the eyes . this gets water for the gills , without sand.several species can grow to about .
the wilmington insurrection of 1898 , also known as the wilmington massacre of 1898 or the wilmington coup of 1898 , happened in wilmington , north carolina , on thursday , november 10 , 1898 . it is seen as a turning point in post-reconstruction north carolina politics . it caused more intense racial segregation of african americans throughout the south . it made it harder for african - americans to vote.the event was caused after many white supremacists took over the wilmington city government which was controlled by both white and black men and killed the black alderman . after the event , no black politician was in charge in wilmington.it has been called a race riot caused by blacks by white newspapers at the time . however , over time , with more facts publicized , the event has come to be seen as a " coup d'état " , the violent overthrow of a duly elected government , by a group of white supremacists . it is seen as the only coup in american history.the " coup " happens with 2,000 white men . they destroyed the property and businesses of black citizens built up since the civil war , including the only black newspaper in the city , and killed about 60 to more than 300 people .
young frankenstein is a 1974 comedy movie directed by mel brooks starring gene wilder , teri garr , cloris leachman , marty feldman , peter boyle , madeline kahn , kenneth mars , richard haydn and gene hackman . the movie is a parody of the classical horror movie genre . in 2003 , it was deemed " culturally , historically or aesthetically significant " by the united states national film preservation board , and selected for preservation in the library of congress national film registry.it tells the story of frederick frankenstein , grandson of victor , the mad scientist whose experiments in re-animation led to the creation of a monster ; to disassociate himself from his legacy , frederick insists that his surname be pronounced " fronk - en - steen " . he has to travel to transylvania because he has inherited his family 's estate , where he meets igor , a hunchbacked , bulging - eyed servant , and inga .
the northern goshawk " accipiter gentilis " ) is a medium - large raptor in the family accipitridae.there are other species in this genus , but this bird is spoken of as " the " goshawk because it has a wide range over most of europe , eurasia and north america . probably only the golden eagle has a wider range.the goshawk is a " true hawk " , and its scientific name in latin is " accipiter " , which means " hawk " . in the middle ages only the nobility were permitted to fly goshawks for falconry.it is mainly a resident bird , but those from colder regions migrate south for the winter . in north america , migratory goshawks are often seen migrating south along mountain ridge tops at nearly any time of the fall , depending on latitude .
the bombay presidency was a former province of british india . it began in the 17th century as trading posts of the british east india company , but later grew to include much of western and central india , as well as parts of pakistan and the arabian peninsula.at its greatest extent , the bombay presidency was made up of the present - day state of gujarat , the western two - thirds of maharashtra state , including the regions of konkan , desh , and kandesh , and northwestern karnataka state of india ; it also included pakistan 's sindh province and the british territory of aden in yemen . it consisted partly of districts , which were directly under british rule , and partly of native or princely states , which were ruled by local rulers under the administration of a governor .
ryan keith zinke ( born november 1 , 1961 ) is an american politician . he was the 52nd united states secretary of the interior from 2017 to 2019 . he is member of the republican party.zinke served as a member of the montana state senate , representing senate district 2 from 2009 to 2011 . he was the republican congressman for montana 's at - large congressional district having won in the 2014 election . he resigned as a u.s. representative on march 1 , 2017 . on december 15 , 2018 , president donald trump announced that zinke would leave the position as interior secretary by the end of 2018 . he left the office on january 2 , 2019 .
the chesapeake bay ( ) is the largest estuary in the united states . it lies off the atlantic ocean and is surrounded by maryland and virginia . the bay 's watershed covers in the district of columbia and parts of six states : new york , pennsylvania , delaware , maryland , virginia , and west virginia . more than 150 rivers and streams drain into it.the chesapeake bay is about 200 miles ( 300 km ) long , from the susquehanna river in the north to the atlantic ocean . at its narrowest point between kent county 's plum point ( near newtown ) and the harford county shore near romney creek , the bay isabout 2.8 miles ( 4.5 km ) wide . at the widest location , it is 30 miles ( 50 km ) wide . the bay is deep on average.the bay has two bridges over it . the chesapeake bay bridge crosses the bay in maryland from sandy point ( near annapolis ) to kent island . the chesapeake bay bridge - tunnel in virginia connects virginia beach to cape charles .
sir john everett millais , 1st baronet , pra 8 june 1829 – 13 august 1896 ) was an english painter . he was one of the founders of the pre-raphaelite brotherhood , and painted several of their most famous works.by the time has was 30 he had changed to become a portrait painter of famous people . he was equally good at that , and became one of the best of the later 19th century.his marriage to effie ( euphemia chalmers gray ) had a history . she had married john ruskin , but ruskin did not consummate the marriage.when she met millais some five years after her marriage , she was still a virgin . she left her husband , and their marriage was annulled in 1854 . in 1855 she married millais and they had eight children . the triangle has been used in drama and literature many times .
the hercules – corona borealis great wall is the largest known super-structure in the universe.it is a huge group of galaxies forming a giant sheet - like pattern . it is about 10 billion light - years long , 7.2 billion light - years wide , and almost 1 billion light - years thick . it is about 10 billion light - years away in the constellations of hercules and corona borealis , hence its name.it was discovered in november 2013 by mapping gamma - ray bursts . they are very luminous explosions of distant , massive stars , the most powerful explosions in the universe . a typical burst releases more energy in less than a tenth of a second than the sun will in its whole life of 10 billion years.gamma - ray bursts are very rare : only one happens in a typical galaxy every few million years . the stars which cause these explosions are very massive , so the material required for them to be formed must be in great amounts . so , these explosions can be used to track down if there is a galaxy in that direction , or there is a large group of matter in there.between the years of 1997 to 2012 , astronomers mapped these bursts in the sky , with the help of the robotic satellites swift and fermi which looks for gamma - ray bursts and measures their redshifts . in the map they produced , they noticed something interesting ; 14 gamma - ray bursts have very similar redshifts and are very close to each other . this means that there is a very large group of galaxies and matter in the region . they say , from measuring these bursts , comes up with a very large structure measuring 10 billion light - years in diameter.for comparison , the milky way , the galaxy we live in , measures only 100,000 light - years , and the distance from the milky way to the andromeda galaxy measures only 2.5 million light - years . the huge - lqg ( the huge large quasar group ) , the previous largest structure in the universe , is 4 billion light - years long.the discovery of the hercules – corona borealis great wall contradicts a theory proposed by albert einstein known as the cosmological principle . the cosmological principle says that the entire universe is approximately equal ; any two regions in the universe will look very similar , even if those two regions are very far apart , assuming those regions have sizes larger than 250 to 300 million light - years . maximum sizes of structures must be around 1.2 billion light - years based on the meaning above , and no structure must be larger than that , assuming that matter is spreaded equally from the big bang . however , the structure , is eight times larger than the limit , contradicting the cosmological principle.the structure also contradicts theories about the evolution of the universe . the structure is 10 billion light - years away , which means that we see the structure 10 billion years ago , when the universe is only 13.8 billion years old , and its light was just approaching us . the 13.8 billion year span of time is " too short for a giant structure 10 billion light - years long to form " . even istvan horvath , the discoverer of the structure , says he has no idea how the structure has formed in that amount of time . for now , the existence of the structure is still a mystery for cosmologists .
the metro - north commuter railroad , or metro - north , is a suburban commuter rail service in new york . it is run by the metropolitan transportation authority ( mta ) . it is the second largest commuter railroad in the united states . metro – north goes from new york city to the new york hudson valley . it also has stops in connecticut . riding metro - north in new york city costs less than riding it outside the city . there are 122 stations . there are five metro - north railroad lines . it has over of track . the lines are more than long.the mta also operates new york city transit subways and buses , and the long island rail road . it has jurisdiction , through metro - north , over railroad lines on the western and eastern portions of the hudson river in new york state . service on the western side of the hudson is operated by new jersey transit under contract with the mta . metro - north operates 124 stations .
andromeda is a constellation in the northern sky . it is named after the princess andromeda in greek mythology . it is sometimes called " princess of ethiopia " or " the chained woman " in english . it has also been called " persea " ( " perseus 's wife " ) or " cepheis " ( " cepheus 's daughter " ) . the astronomer named ptolemy listed andromeda when he made a list of 48 constellations . it is also one of the 88 constellations made by the international astronomical union.the andromeda galaxy is inside andromeda , so it has the same name . it is the closest spiral galaxy to earth . the brightest star in andromeda is called alpha andromedae , which is a binary star .
acromegaly is a medical condition that happens when the anterior ( rear ) pituitary gland makes too much growth hormone ( gh ) , after a person has passed puberty . if this happens before puberty it causes a condition known as gigantism . a number of medical conditions may cause the pituitary gland to make too much growth hormone , but the most common cause is a tumor on the pituitary gland called a pituitary adenoma'acromegaly is most commonly diagnosed in middle aged adults , and can result in severe disfigurement , serious complicating conditions , and early death if not treated . acromegaly is hard to diagnose when it is just beginning . it is usually not found until 10 – 12 years after it starts . this is when it causes changes in the way a person looks , especially their face .
an http cookie ( usually just called a cookie ) is a simple computer made of text . the information stored by cookies can be used to personalise the experience when using a website . a website can use ( the information used by ) cookies to find out if someone has visited a website before and record information ( data ) about what they did.when someone is using a computer to browse a website , a personalised cookie file can be sent from the website ’s server to the person ’s computer . the cookie is stored in the web browser on the person ’s computer . at some time in the future , the person may browse that website again . the website can send a message to the person ’s browser , asking if a cookie from the website is already stored in the browser . if a cookie is found , then the data that was stored in the cookie before can be used by the website to tell the website about the person ’s previous activity . some examples where cookies are used include shopping carts , automatic login and remembering which advertisements have already been shown.cookies have been a problem for internet privacy . this is because they can be used to track browsing behavior . because of this , laws have been made in some countries to protect people 's privacy . there are many other options than cookies , but each option has its own problems.cookies have often been mistaken for computer programs . but cookies can not do much on their own . they are simply a piece of data . they are often called spyware or viruses , but they are not either of these.most web browsers allow users to choose whether to accept cookies . if the user does not allow cookies , some websites will become unusable . for example , shopping baskets which use cookies do not work if the user does not allow cookies .
george vi ( 14 december 1895 – 6 february 1952 ) was born albert frederick arthur george windsor . he was the king ( monarch ) of the united kingdom from 11 december 1936 until he died . he became king when his older brother , edward viii , abdicated ( resigned ) in 1936 to marry wallis simpson . george was married to elizabeth bowes - lyon from 1923 until his death.he was succeeded as monarch by his elder daughter , elizabeth.george had a speech problem , a stutter . this made it very difficult for him to carry out many of the public duties of a king which required him to make speeches . he was treated by an australian speech and language therapist called lionel logue . the story of this part of george 's life was made into a movie in 2010 called " the king 's speech " . colin firth played the role of george , and geoffrey rush played the role of logue.george became a very popular king throughout the british empire . he won admiration during world war ii ( 19391945 ) , in which he stayed at buckingham palace during the most intense months of the blitz . the palace was bombed more than twice but he still remained , becoming a symbol of resistance and " fighting spirit " . he enjoyed a close working relationship with his wartime prime minister winston churchill , inviting him to join the royal family on victory in europe day ( 1945 ) to celebrate the defeat of the nazis.a heavy smoker , george died of lung cancer and was given a state funeral . he was fifty - six years old .
stanley marcus ( born april 20 , 1905 – died january 22 , 2002 ) was the president of the neiman - marcus company , a store in the united states that sells expensive clothing and . he became famous for inventing many new ways to sell products and new ways to tell people about his store.mr . marcus created an award for people who designed clothing . he also began art shows in his store , to make people want to visit the store to see the art . in 1939 , the company started a catalog , which is a book that shows all the products that people can buy from the store . in 1951 , the catalog listed unusual gifts for people to buy . many people started to read the catalog every year to see the unusual gifts.in the 1940s , at the time of the second world war , the government of the united states asked mr. marcus for help . the government wanted to make sure there would be enough fabric to make clothes for the military , so they asked mr. marcus to make rules about clothes for ordinary people . he made rules for companies that made clothes so that popular styles for women and men would not change every year . with these rules , people would not need new clothes so often . also , he said that men 's socks should not use rubber to make elastic to hold the socks in place . this rule made sure the government could use rubber for military products that were needed for the war .
a longboat was an open boat used on - board ships during the age of the sailing ships . the original name was ' shallop ' but was changed to longboat in the 18th century . a ship or vessel would carry several ship 's boats for various uses . the most important would be a longboat , an open boat to be rowed by up to eight or ten . the longboat had rowing benches designed for up to two men to an oar . a longboat was designed for use in rough water and could be rigged for sails.one of its main uses was as a pulling boat . another was to . when a ship was at anchor , longboats carried people and supplies between ship and shore .
amateur radio is a hobby for people who like to talk using radio transmitters . many people enjoy using amateur radio to talk to other amateur radio hobbyists in other countries . amateur radio hobbyists also use their radio transmitters to get help in emergencies . amateur radio is often called " ham radio " . many people use their amateur radios for fun . people who use amateur radio are often called " amateur radio operators " , " hams " or " amateurs " . during a disaster or emergency , amateur radio can be used to get help . when telephones do not work , it may be the only way to communicate . some radio hobbyists volunteer to listen to emergency band frequencies in case there are distress calls . if the volunteers hear a distress call , they notify the appropriate authorities ( for example the police or the coast guard ) .
a magnet is a very special metal . when a magnet goes near a special kind of metal or other magnets , and the poles ( sides ) touching are opposite , it will pull , or " attract " the other metal or magnet closer . also , if the two poles are the same , the two magnets will push away , or " repel " , from each other . this is called " magnetism " . magnets can make some other metals into magnets when they are rubbed together.soft magnets ( or impermanent magnets ) are often used in electromagnets . these enhance ( often hundreds or thousands of times ) the magnetic field of a wire that carries an electrical current and is wrapped around the magnet . the field of the " soft " magnet increases with the current.permanent magnets have ferromagnetism . they occur naturally in some rocks , particularly lodestone , but are now commonly manufactured . a magnet 's magnetism decreases when it is heated and increases when it is cooled . it has to be heated at around . like poles ( s - pole and s - pole / n - pole and n - pole ) will repel each other while unlike poles ( n - pole and s - pole ) will attract each other.magnets are only attracted to special metals . iron , cobalt and nickel are magnetic . metals that have iron in them attract magnets well . steel is one . metals like brass , copper , zinc and aluminum are not attracted to magnets . non-magnetic materials such as wood and glass are not attracted to magnets as they do not have magnetic materials in them.neodymium iron boron magnets and alnico magnets are two kinds of permanent magnet .
protein folding is the process by which a protein gets its functional shape or ' conformation ' . it is mainly a self - organising process . starting from a random coil , polypeptides fold into their characteristic working shape . the structure is held together by hydrogen bonds.the stages are : without its correct three - dimensional structure a protein does not work . however , some parts of proteins may not fold : this is normal.if proteins do not fold into their native shape , they are inactive and are usually toxic . several diseases are believed to result from misfolded proteins . many allergies are caused by the folding of the proteins , for the immune system does not produce antibodies for all possible protein structures .
top of the pops is a british music show , which featured popular artists performing their songs . it started in 1964 and ended in 2006 because not enough people were watching it any more . it was hosted by many presenters over the years , most notably by sir jimmy savile , who opened the very first show on new year 's day 1964 on bbc1.totp2 ( top of the pops 2 ) is a variant of the show . however , it featured a collection of archive performances by artists spanning the past four decades.the show was regularly hosted by steve wright , up until 2009 , when mark radcliffe replaced him . a new episode of the programme is shown on 25 december each year .
x-men : the last stand is a 2006 movie . it is the third movie based on the marvel comics ' x-men superhero comic books . the story takes place after " x-men " ( 2000 ) and " x2 " ( 2003 ) . brett ratner directed the movie . he took over when bryan singer decided to direct " superman returns " . the movie is about a " mutant cure " and the resurrection of jean grey , who seemed to have died in " x2 " . the movie is partially based on two x-men comic book stories : writer chris claremont 's and artist john byrne 's " dark phoenix saga " in " the uncanny x-men " ( 1980 ) and writer joss whedon 's and artist john cassaday 's six - issue " gifted " story in " astonishing x-men " ( 2004 ) . the movie was released may 26 , 2006 in the united states and canada . it was released one or two days earlier in more than 20 other countries . the movie did well at theaters . it earned $ 45.1 million on its first day . this is the fourth - highest opening day gross . its opening weekend gross of $ 103 million is the eighth highest ever.the movie is sometimes called x3 , xiii , x-men 3 , or x-men 3 : the last stand .
the domesday book is the record of the great survey of much of england , and parts of wales , completed in 1086 , done for william i of england , or william the conqueror.the domesday book ( also known as " domesday " , or " book of winchester " ) was a record of all taxable land in england , together with such information as would indicate its worth.as the scribes went round england , they were protected by william 's armed men . each group was led by a royal commissioner , who took a list of standard questions . a ' jury ' of local nobility and citizens answered the questions . all answers were written down in latin.information was collected from the start of 1086 , and working up into the complete volume started later that year . william died in 1087 before the writing - up work was completed.william the conqueror wished to know the details of the land he had conquered , england . he let his knights and barons have big areas of land , and wanted rent money from them . the domesday book was a record of every farm , village and house so that he knew how much rent he should get . only some small villages in the countryside are not in the book . major cities like london and winchester are also not in the domesday book , perhaps because of their size , or because ( not owning land ) , the people could not be taxed.the domesday book gave the names of king william 's friends and even listed the number of pigs on a piece of land . but it was not like a modern census . it did not give the names of all the people . it listed the heads of each household , but left out londoners , monks , nuns , and anyone living in castles . in effect , it listed only people he could get rent from , and who might supply men to fight in his army .
random - access memory ( or simply ram ) is the memory or information storage in a computer that is used to store running programs and data for the programs . data ( information ) in the ram can be read and written quickly in any order . normally , the random access memory is in the form of computer chips . usually , the contents of ram are accessible faster than other types of information storage but are lost every time the computer is turned off . non-volatile random - access memory ( nvram ) keeps its data without using power , which is more expensive but works slower , so it is used in smaller amounts.since the late 20th century , ram uses transistors , usually mosfets , to store data . before that , magnetic memory was the usual kind .
kristin dawn chenoweth ( ; born july 24 , 1968 ) is an american singer and actress.chenoweth has been on broadway in " scapin " ( hyacinth ) , " steel pier " ( precious mcguire ) , " you 're a good man , charlie brown " ( sally brown ) , " epic proportions " ( louise goldman ) , " wicked " ( glinda upland ) , " the apple tree " ( eve / princess barbara / ella / passionella ) , " promises , promises " ( fran kubelik ) , and " on the 20th century " ( lily garland ) . she won a tony award for " you 're a good man , charlie brown " and was nominated for " wicked " and " on the 20th century . " off - broadway chenoweth was in " the box office of the damned " ( kristy ) , " dames at sea " ( ruby ) , " the fantasticks " ( luisa ) , " a new brain " ( nancy d / waitress ) , and " love , loss , and what i wore " ( woman ) . she also played christine daae on the german tour of " phantom " . at encores ! she appeared in " strike up the band " , " stairway to paradise " , " music in the air " , " the apple tree " , and " on a clear day you can see forever " . on tv chenoweth played lily st. regis in the movie " annie " , kristin yancey on the show " kristin " , marian paroo in the movie " the music man " , annabeth schott on " the west wing " , cunegonde in the filmed musical " candide " which was put on " great performances " , ms. noodle on " sesame street " , olive snook on " pushing daisies " , e.j . baxter in the movie " twelve men of christmas " , miracle grohe on " sit down , shut up " , skippy pylon in the movie " legally mad " , april rhodes on " glee " , carlene cockburn on " gcb " , and maleficent in the movie " descendants " . she was nominated for an emmy award for season 1 of " pushing daisies " , and won one for the second season . she was also nominated for the first two seasons of " glee . " chenoweth has appeared in movies , too , including " bewitched " ( maria kelly ) , " the pink panther " ( cherie ) , " rv " ( mary jo gornicke ) , " deck the halls " ( tia hall ) , " stranger than fiction " ( book channel host ) , " tinkerbell " ( rosetta ) , " tinkerbell and the lost treasure " ( rosetta ) , " into temptation " ( linda salerno ) , " tinkerbell and the great fairy rescue " ( rosetta ) , " hit and run " ( debby kreeger ) , " family weekend " ( samantha smith - dungy ) , " rio 2 " ( gabi ) , " the boy next door " ( vicky lansing ) , " strange magic " ( sugar plum fairy ) , " the peanuts movie " ( fifi ) , and " " ( terra planet ) . she was nominated for a razzie for " deck the halls " , " the pink panther " , and " rv " . chenoweth has done two tours : " kristin chenoweth in concert " and " coming home tour " , and has done solo shows at carnegie hall and royal albert hall . she has a concert dvd called " coming home " , and five albums ; " let yourself go " , " as i am " , " a lovely way to spend christmas " , " some lessons learned " , and " coming home " , which peaked at # 48 on the us charts .
ezra weston loomis pound ( 30 october 1885 – 1 november 1972 ) was an american poet and critic . he was a major figure of the early modernist movement . his best - known works include " ripostes " ( 1912 ) , " hugh selwyn mauberley " ( 1920 ) and the unfinished " the cantos " ( 1917 – 69 ) . he was also one of the important members of the early modernist movement and was known for his support for fascism.pound was born in hailey , idaho territory . in the early 20th century he worked in london as foreign editor of several american magazines . he died in italy from an intestinal blockage , aged 87 .
liv tyler ( born july 1 , 1977 ) is an american actress and former model . she is best known for her roles of grace stamper in " armageddon " and arwen in " the lord of the rings " movie trilogy . she is the daughter of aerosmith 's singer , steven tyler.tyler was born liv rundgren at mount sinai hospital in manhattan , new york city , new york . she is the first born daughter of bebe buell , a model , singer , and was the playboy playmate of the month miss november 1974 , and steven tyler , the lead singer of aerosmith . her maternal grandmother , dorothea johnson , founded the protocol school of washington . her mother named her after norwegian actress liv ullmann . at birth , bebe buell claimed that rock star todd rundgren was tyler 's biological father . tyler spent most of her childhood living with that understanding , only finding her true parentage at age nine , after meeting steven tyler at a rundgren concert in boston . also , when tyler was growing up , steven tyler started coming to visit . then at another meeting in 1988 , seeing that steven tyler 's other daughter , mia , looked very similar to herself , she asked her mother . the truth about tyler 's paternity did not become public until 1991 , when she changed her name from rundgren to tyler , but kept the old one as a middle name . buell 's reason for the decision was that steven tyler was too heavily addicted to drugs at that time . since knowing the truth about her paternity , liv and steven tyler have had a close relationship . they have even made their careers intertwine when liv performed in aerosmith 's video " crazy " and when aerosmith wrote and performed many of the songs in liv 's movie " armageddon " . tyler went to the congressional school of virginia , breakwater elementary and wayneflete schools ( in portland , maine ) before returning to new york city with her mother at the age of twelve . she went to york prep in nyc for junior high and high school , graduating in 1995 . one month later tyler set off for italy , to star in " stealing beauty " .
belcalis almanzar ( born october 11 , 1992 ) , known by her stage name cardi b , is an american rapper , singer , songwriter and television personality . she is known for her breakout single , " bodak yellow " , which reached number one on the " billboard " hot 100 in the united states in 2017 . she became only the second female rapper to reach number one without a featured artist since lauryn hill with " doo wop ( that thing ) " in 1998 . almanzar also has appeared on the vh1 reality series " love & hip hop : new york " . on january 2 , 2018 , " billboard " announced that cardi became only the third artist in history to have their first three singles in the top ten at the same time , with the songs " bodak yellow " , " motorsport " , and " no limit " . the first two artists to do so were the beatles and ashanti.for the week ending july 14 , 2018 , cardi single " i like it " reached the number - one position of the " billboard " hot 100 , making her the only female rapper with two chart - toppers on the hot 100 . her first album , " invasion of privacy " , was released on april 6 , 2018 . cardi b says that her music is a representation of what she would like to listen to .
sir william mcmahon ( 23 february 1908 – 31 march 1988 ) was the 20th prime minister of australia . he was elected to the australian parliament in 1949 , and stayed as member for lowe , in sydney , for 33 years . he challenged john gorton for the leadership of the liberal party of australia in 1971 and won . he was 63 years old . he lost the next election in december 1972 to gough whitlam of the australian labor party . this made him the first prime minister not to win an election since labor 's ben chifley ( who lost in 1949 ) . mcmahon was married to ( lady ) sonia mcmahon from 1965 until his death from cancer . actor julian mcmahon is their son.the liberal party had won lots of elections since 1949 , but had some popularity problems by 1971 . australian soldiers were still in the vietnam war . mcmahon replaced john gorton , then made him defence minister , but soon after made him resign for talking about problems in the liberal party . mcmahon 's government was the first to have a minister for aboriginal affairs . aboriginal land rights were an important topic of debate at this time . on foreign affairs , mcmahon said the opposition leader , gough whitlam , was wrong to visit communist china in 1972 - but soon after u.s. president richard nixon visited china and mcmahon was embarrassed . the economy was not looking too good when the government went to the 1972 election .
led zeppelin were an english rock band . the group was started in 1968 and broke up in 1980 . the members were robert plant ( vocals ) , jimmy page ( lead guitar ) , john paul jones ( bass ) , and john bonham ( drums ) . led zeppelin ended in 1980 after the accidental death of john bonham . after bonham 's death , the band believed that nobody could take his place and decided not to continue . the band played together again in a tribute concert in london on 10 december 2007 with jason bonham , john 's son , playing the drums . the band is one of the most influential rock bands of all time and one of the most successful music artists in history , selling 300 million albums around the world .
cuneiform script is one of the earliest known systems of writing . it used wedge - shaped marks on clay tablets , made by a reed stylus . the name " cuneiform " itself means " wedge shaped " , from the latin " cuneus " " wedge " and " forma " " shape " . it came into english usage probably from the old french " cunéiforme . " it was first used in sumer in the late 4th millennium bc ( the ' uruk iv ' period ) . cuneiform writing began as a system of pictographs . in the third millennium , the signs became simplified and more abstract . fewer characters were used , from about 1,000 in the early bronze age to about 400 in late bronze age ( hittite cuneiform ) . the system used a combination of phonetic , consonantal alphabetic ( no vowels ) and syllabic signs.the original sumerian script was adapted for the writing of the akkadian , eblaite , elamite , hittite , luwian , hattic , hurrian , and urartian languages , and it inspired the ugaritic and old persian alphabets . cuneiform writing was gradually replaced by the phoenician alphabet during the neo-assyrian empire . by the 2nd century bc , the script was extinct . all knowledge of how to read it was lost until it began to be deciphered in the 19th century .
boko haram is a branch of the islamic state of iraq and the levant . it has been active in nigeria since 2009 . the name of the group means " western " or " non-islamic " education is a sin . the group is active in the north of nigeria , and wants to impose islamic law as the only law in nigeria . it also wants to outlaw education that is not based on islam in the country . the group sees itself as similar to the taliban , which are active in afghanistan . locally , the group is known as the " taliban " . the official name of the group is " jama'atu ahlis sunna lidda'awati wal - jihad " , which in arabic means " people committed to the propagation of the prophet 's teachings and jihad . " they also call themselves ' islamic state west africa province ( iswap ) ' . the group was formed in maiduguri in 2002 . they follow sunni islam . local residents of the area soon called the group boko haram . loosely translated from the local hausa language , this means western education is forbidden . residents gave it the name because of its strong opposition to western education , which it sees as corrupting muslims . the term " boko haram " comes from the hausa word ' boko ' meaning " animist , western or otherwise non-islamic education " and the arabic word ' haram ' figuratively meaning " sin " ( literally , " forbidden " ) . boko haram opposes not only western education , but western culture and modern science as well . the group also forbids the wearing of shirts and pants and the act of voting in elections . in its view , the nigerian state is run by non-believers . in a 2009 bbc interview , mohammed yusuf , the group 's leader at the time , said he rejects the fact that the earth is a sphere and views it as contrary to islam , along with darwinism and the fact that rain comes from water evaporated by the sun.there are a number of terrorist activities for which boko haram have claimed responsibility : boko haram is not associated with the group movement for the emancipation of the niger delta which fights against the oil industry in the niger delta , since 2006 . on april 14 2014 , boko haram kidnapped 276 schoolgirls . boko haram killed at least 100 people in baga in january 2015 . about 620 buildings were damaged or destroyed by fire.boko haram became part of islamic state in march 2015 .
a parody mass is a musical setting of the mass that uses melodies from other musical works . this kind of mass was popular in the 16th century . " parody " in this sense does not mean " parody " in the modern meaning of the word . it is not about poking fun at something . a parody mass is one that borrows musical material . the music might be borrowed from a chanson or motet , usually one by another composer . at that time there was nothing shameful about using other composer 's tunes . today it would be called plagiarism ( stealing other people 's ideas ) . the parody mass was very popular during the renaissance : palestrina wrote about 50 parody masses . some examples of early parody masses include the " missa malheur me bat " , " missa mater patris " , and " missa fortuna desperata " by josquin desprez . by the middle of the 16th century , a large number of masses composed used the parody technique .
the sino - soviet split ( 1960 – 1989 ) was a time when the relations between the people 's republic of china and the soviet union weakened during the cold war . eventually , china 's leader , mao zedong , decided to break the alliance with the soviet union.the soviet leader , stalin , wanted to help spread communism in the world , including china . in the second sino - japanese war , the soviets gave weapons and supplies to the kuomintang , and advised the communists to ally with them against the japanese empire . the chinese civil war continued , however . after world war ii , stalin and the soviet union helped the communists . chinese leaders disliked the soviet leaders for not helping mao and the communists from the start .
jan hus , or john huss ( c. 1370 - 6 july 1415 ) was born in husinec , bohemia ( now czech republic ) . he was a bohemian religious thinker and reformer . he started a religious movement that was strongly influenced by the beliefs of british scholar , john wycliffe.hus studied at the university of prague . in about 1400 , he became a catholic priest , and was soon accepted a position of preaching in czech , the language spoken in bohemia . while preaching , he studied wycliffe ’s writings , and came to like them , especially because of how authentic and real they were.in 1403 , hus asked the church to undo the ban on wycliffe 's writings , and translated them into czech . the church , led by archbishop zbynek zajíc , had different beliefs . in 1410 , zajíc ordered that hus ’ writings be burned and hus and his followers , the hussites be forced out of the church . hus was excommunicated in 1411 , condemned by the council of constance , and burned at the stake on 6 july 1415 , in konstanz , germany.when hus was killed his followers revolted and fought against the catholics until they were defeated in 1431 .
olly murs ( born 14 may 1984 ) is an english singer . he comes from witham , essex . he became famous after he finished second in the x factor in 2009 . in august 2010 , his first single " please do n't let me go " came top of the record charts in the uk . after that , he had another three songs that went to number one : " heart skips a beat " , " dance with me tonight " and " troublemaker " ( with flo rida ) . he has also made three albums , which all did well in the uk charts . his label is epic records.he is co-host of the x factor along with caroline flack . they took over from dermot o'leary from 2015 .
water scarcity is a lack of drinkable water available in a given area . it mostly affects arid and deserted areas , and places where the water is too polluted to drink . it is a social , environmental and economic problem in many countries . water scarcity can be the result of both human and natural causes . changes in climate and weather patterns can cause the availability of water to drop . common human causes include over-consumption , bad governance , pollution , and increases in the demand for water.different terms are used to describe different types of water scarcity : the food and agriculture organization ( fao ) estimates that by 2025 , 1.9 billion people will be living in countries or regions with total water scarcity , and two - thirds of the world population could be under stress conditions . the world bank has said that climate change could heavily change the future of water availability and use , and therefore increase water stress on a global scale.water scarcity has negative affects on ecology , biodiversity , agriculture and human health . it has also led to armed conflicts in several cases . earth always has the same amount of water . people use only a small part of it .
laurence kerr olivier , baron olivier , om ( 22 may 1907 – 11 july 1989 ) was an english actor . he was one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century . he was the youngest actor to be knighted and the first to be raised to the peerage . olivier married english actresses jill esmond , vivien leigh and joan plowright.actor spencer tracy said that olivier was ' the greatest actor in the english - speaking world ' . in 1999 , the american film institute named olivier among the greatest male stars of all time , at number 14 on the list.olivier had many awards : twelve oscar nominations , with two wins ( for best actor and best picture for the 1948 film " hamlet " ) , plus two honorary awards including a statuette and certificate . he was awarded five emmy awards . he was a three - time golden globe and bafta winner . in 1976 he received the bafta academy fellowship award , a lifetime achievement award.olivier 's ashes are buried in westminster abbey .
homeostasis is self - regulation , a basic property of all self - organising systems . in biology , it is the keeping of a stable internal environment.homeostasis is life 's ability to stay balanced , when the environment changes . animals keep their body in a stable condition . they do so by regulating their inner equilibrium . for example , they adjust their ph , temperature , amount of oxygen or carbon dioxide in the blood and so on . in living things , the study of how they keep in a stable condition is called physiology . mostly , our physiology works unconsciously throughout life . we have many negative feedback systems which adjust our physiology so that we stay alive . these systems are self - organising and do not need to be learnt . they are inherited.the concept was described by claude bernard , and the term was later coined by walter cannon in 1926 , 1929 , and 1932 . walter cannon thought these were the features of homeostasis : examples of homeostasis : in mammals , the main organs involved with homeostasis are : the brain is also central to homeostasis . it controls behaviour , and the basic function of behaviour is to support life by taking action .
chicago ( , ) , officially the city of chicago , is the most populous city in the u.s. state of illinois , and the third most populous city in the united states . it has an estimated population of 2,705,994 ( 2018 ) , it is also the most populous city in the midwestern united states . chicago is the county seat of cook county , the second most populous county in the united states , with a small portion of the northwest side of the city going into dupage county near o'hare airport . chicago is the main city of the chicago metropolitan area , often referred to as chicagoland . at nearly 10 million people , the metropolitan area is the third most populous in the united states.it is located on the shores of freshwater lake michigan , chicago was made into a city in 1837 near a portage between the great lakes and the mississippi river watershed . it grew rapidly in the mid-19th century . after the great chicago fire of 1871 , which destroyed many square miles and left more than 100,000 homeless , the city made a huge effort to rebuild . the construction boom caused a massive population growth throughout the next decades , and by 1900 , less than 30 years after the great fire , chicago was the fifth - largest city in the world . chicago became known for its urban planning and zoning standards , including new construction styles ( including the chicago school of architecture ) , the development of the city beautiful movement , and the steel - framed skyscraper . the first skyscraper in the world , the home insurance building , was built here in 1885 . chicago is an international center for finance , culture , commerce , industry , education , technology , telecommunications , and transportation . it is one of the largest markets of the world , creating 20 % of all revenue in commodities and financial futures alone . the city 's o'hare international airport is ranked as the world 's fifth or sixth busiest airport and either first or second in the united states . the region also has the largest number of federal highways and is the nation 's railroad hub . chicago was listed as an alpha global city by the globalization and world cities research network , and it ranked seventh in the entire world in the 2017 global cities index . the chicago area has generated $ 689 billion in 2018 . in addition , the city has one of the world 's most diversified and balanced economies . chicago is home to several fortune 500 companies , including allstate , boeing , exelon , kraft heinz , mcdonald 's , mondelez international , sears , united airlines holdings , and walgreens.chicago 's 58 million domestic and international visitors in 2018 made it the second most visited city in the nation , as compared with new york city 's 65 million visitors in 2018 . the city was ranked first in the 2018 time out city life index , a global quality of life survey of 15,000 people in 32 cities.landmarks in the city include millennium park , navy pier , the magnificent mile , the art institute of chicago , museum campus , the willis ( sears ) tower , grant park , chicago riverwalk , the museum of science and industry , and lincoln park zoo . of the area 's many colleges and universities , the university of chicago , northwestern university , and the university of illinois at chicago are seen as " highest research " doctoral universities . chicago has professional sports teams in each of the major professional leagues , including two major league baseball teams .
kazakhstan is a country in the middle of eurasia . its official name is the republic of kazakhstan . kazakhstan is the ninth biggest country in the world , and it is also the biggest landlocked country in the world . before the end of the soviet union , it was called " kazakh soviet socialist republic " . the president of the country from 1991 through march 2019 was nursultan nazarbayev . nur - sultan is the capital city of kazakhstan . almaty was the capital until 1998 , when it moved to nur - sultan , which was called astana at that time.the kazakh language is the native language , but russian has equal official status for all administrative and institutional purposes . islam is the largest religion about 70 % of the population are muslims , with christianity practiced by 26 % ; russia leases ( rents ) the land for the baikonur cosmodrome ( site of russian spacecraft launches ) from kazakhstan .
renaissance music is european music written from about the year 1400 to 1600 . this section of time is called the renaissance , a word which means “ rebirth ” . the renaissance comes between the middle ages and the baroque times.putting music into time sections does not mean that there were quick changes of type . music changed slowly , and early renaissance music was similar to medieval music . slowly music - writers started to try new ideas . a lot of medieval church music had become very hard with lots of rules about rhythms and clashes of notes to make dissonances . a lot of renaissance composers wrote music which was smoother and more gentle . the music was still polyphonic with each voice having a share of melody . music was starting to become less modal and more tonal . by the time the baroque period started composers were using a system of major and minor keys like we do today .
mexican americans are americans of mexican ancestry . they account for 9 % of the country 's population : about 28.3 million americans listed their ancestry as mexican as of 2006 . they form the largest hispanic or latino group in the united states and contain the largest group of white hispanics . mexican americans trace their ancestry to the modern day country of mexico or the southwestern united states.most mexican americans live in the four states that border mexico , california , texas , arizona and new mexico . the areas in and around los angeles is home to over six million mexican americans . many of these live in mainly hispanic neighborhoods such as east los angeles . there are also a number of large mexican american communities in other areas of the western and southwestern united states . though chicago is not in the western or southwestern united states , it has 1.4 million mexican americans , more mexican americans than any city except los angeles . the metro areas of dallas , houston , and phoenix each have more than one million mexicans . there are a growing number of mexican americans in the midwest and south.most mexican americans are " mestizos " , or of more than one ethnicity . most of their heritage is the indigenous " indios " of mexico , but it often contains other groups , such as spanish , portuguese , italian , irish and native american tribes from the u.s. such as apache .
ny can mean
listen could mean :
amherst can mean :
media may refer to :
waterloo road may mean :
tokyo olympics can mean :
a mutant can be :
schwanden can mean :
ayn might refer to :
ge or ge may stand for :
plane or planes may refer to :
free as a bird may mean :
tesol has more than one meaning :
zell may refer to the following :
digital signal can mean two different things :
menard county is a county in illinois .
kivalina is a city in alaska .
this is a list of rivers of korea .
corbières is the name of three places in europe :
the national flag of grenada was created in 1974 .
cylinder is a city in iowa in the united states .
marcus is a city in iowa in the united states .
horatio is a city in the us state of arkansas .
orient is a city in iowa in the united states .
bismarck is a city in the us state of arkansas .
georgetown is a town in the us state of arkansas .
colchester is a city in illinois in the united states .
hertford is the county town of hertfordshire , england .
harrisburg is a city in the us state of arkansas .
landshut is a city in lower bavaria , germany
sensitivity can mean : psychology : science : finance : music :
buckner is a town in the us state of arkansas .
woolstock is a city in iowa in the united states .
unionville is a city in iowa in the united states .
jackson junction is a city in iowa in the united states .
inez is a city of kentucky in the united states .
silver grove is a city of kentucky in the united states .
whitefield is a town in oklahoma in the united states .
lawrenceville is a city in illinois in the united states .
miami gardens is a city of florida in the united states .
wales national football team is the national football team of wales .
vernon county is the name of three counties in the united states :
christian county is the name of three counties in the united states :
greenwood county is the name of two counties in the united states :
ben lomond is a town in the us state of arkansas .
tamaroa is a village in illinois in the united states .
st. francis is a city in the us state of arkansas .
păltinoasa is a commune found in suceava county , romania .
taylor county is the name of seven counties in the united states : :
granada is a city in spain.granada might also mean :
cool is a city in the u.s. state of texas .
below are the squads for the 1966 fifa world cup tournament in england .
gunter is a city in the u.s. state of texas .
this is a list of cricketers that play test cricket for england .
s.c. freiburg is a football club which plays in germany .
a queue is a line of items.queue might also refer to :
silo is a town in the u.s. state of oklahoma .
berryville is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
hinton is a town in the u.s. state of oklahoma .
ariton is a town in the u.s. state of alabama .
year 235 bc was a year of the pre-julian roman calendar .
aizkraukle is a town in latvia with town rights since 1967 .
bevil oaks is a city in the u.s. state of texas .
danville is a town in the state of indiana , in the united states .
the saab jas 39 gripen is a fourth - generation fighter aircraft .
old town is a neighborhood in chicago , illinois . it is a historic neighborhood .
the lachlan river is an important river in central new south wales , australia .
cleveland is the name of a number of places around the world , and also some people .
the following is a list of the 290 communes of the cher " département " in france .
hera hilmar ( born 27 december 1988 ) is an icelandic movie and television actress
evolène is a municipality of the district of hérens in the canton of valais in switzerland .
a commoner is someone who is ordinary , that is not royalty , nobility or clergy .
jan aage fjörtoft ( born 10 january 1967 in ålesund ) is a former norwegian footballer .
dezső czigány ( june 1 , 1883 - december 31 , 1937 ) was a hungarian painter .
the toronto maple leafs are an ice hockey team in the national hockey league ( nhl ) .
ippei watanabe ( born 28 september 1969 ) is a former japanese football player .
the 21st century bc is a century which lasted from the year 2100 bc to 2001 bc .
wängi is a municipality of the district of münchwilen in the canton of thurgau in switzerland .
the following is a list of cantons of france , within each department : overseas departments of france
saratov oblast ( , " saratovskaya oblast " ) is a administrative division of russia .
the following is a list of governors of the state of minnesota and minnesota territory , united states .
the following is a list of the 247 communes of the indre " département " , in france .
berolle is a municipality of the district morges in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
year 1552 ( mdlii ) was a leap year starting on friday of the julian calendar .
ouanne is a commune . it is in the yonne department in the center of france .
serravalle is the largest commune of san marino . it has 10,591 people .
saint thomas is one of the twelve apostles of jesus . his name means " the twin " .
corals are formed by small animals , the polyps of the phylum cnidaria .
chambois is a commune in north - western france . it is in the orne department .
piney is a commune of the aube " département " in the north - central part of france .
the vice-president of the arab republic of egypt is a senior official within the egyptian government .
george foster peabody ( july 27 , 1852 – march 4 , 1938 ) was an american banker and philanthropist .
the following is a list of the 196 communes of the essonne " département " , in france .
carole delga ( born 19 august 1971 in toulouse ) is politician and member of the french national assembly .
guatemala is a department in guatemala . the capital is guatemala city , which is also the national capital .
cravant is a commune . it is in the yonne department in the center of france .
negaraku is the national anthem of malaysia . it is based on the perak national anthem .
year 428 ( cdxxviii ) was a leap year starting on sunday of the julian calendar .
las vegas is an american television series broadcast by nbc from september 22 , 2003 to february 15 , 2008 .
huriel is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
estissac is a commune of the aube " département " in the north - central part of france .
chavenon is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
sony music latin is a record company that specializes in latin music . it is owned by sony music entertainment .
halten is a municipality in the district wasseramt in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
calhoun county is the name of many counties in the united states , mostly named after senator john c. calhoun :
fulton is a city in bourbon county , kansas , united states . in 2010 , 163 people lived there .
virginia city is a town of montana in the united states . it is the county seat of madison county .
oxford is a town in oxford county , maine . it has 4,110 residents as of 2010 .
in both road and rail vehicles , the wheelbase is the distance between the centers of the front and rear wheels .
bosnian is language of bosniaks , spoken mainly in bosnia and herzegovina , and in the surrounding countries of europe .
hideo tanaka ( born 1 march 1983 ) is a japanese football player . he plays for vissel kobe .
andolsheim is a french commune . it is in the haut - rhin department of eastern france .
bettlach is a commune . it is found in the haut - rhin department of eastern france .
skumin ( is a lithuanian , polish and russian masculine nobleman surname , its feminine counterpart is skumina .
zurich is a city in rooks county , kansas , united states . in 2010 , 99 people lived there .
saydabad is the main district of wardak province , afghanistan . there are several villages in the district .
honcut ( formerly moores station ) is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in butte county , california .
mani ratnam ( ) ( born june 2 , 1956 ) is a tamil indian movie director , writer and producer .
the battle of the mediterranean was the name given to the naval campaign fought in the mediterranean sea during world war ii .
åhus is an urban area in the county of scania in sweden . it is in kristianstad municipality .
fort ticonderoga is a fort where there was a major battle . it is in new york state .
hénencourt is a commune . it is in the region picardie in the somme department in the north of france .
lespourcy is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
clinton is an unincorporated community in douglas county , kansas , united states . it is on a peninsula in clinton lake .
in physics , a number of noted theories of the motion of objects have developed . among the best - known are :
leuggern is a municipality of the district of zurzach in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
bournens is a municipality in the district gros - de-vaud in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
patrik andersson ( born 18 august 1971 ) is a swedish football player . he has played for sweden national team .
miguel de las cuevas ( born 19 june 1986 ) is a spanish football player . he plays for sporting gijón .
epping is a small market town and civil parish in the epping forest district of the county of essex , england .
james iv ( 17 march 1473 – 9 september 1513 ) was king of scotland from 1488 through 1513 .
wisconsin ´s 8th congressional district is a district in northeast wisconsin , represented by republican mike gallagher of green bay , wisconsin .
swisscom ag is the main telecommunications provider in switzerland . the headquarters are located at worblaufen near bern .
kasana are a part of the gurjar clan . they mostly live in pakistan , india , and afghanistan .
loupes is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
akasaka station ( 赤坂駅 , あかさかえき ) is a railway station of tokyo metro in tokyo , japan .
jesse james ( 1847 - 1882 ) was an american outlaw.other people named jesse james : jesse james can also mean :
this is a list of diplomatic missions in azerbaijan . at present , the capital city of baku hosts 61 embassies .
this is a list of cities in mauritania . all settlements with a population over 10,000 are listed .
aussurucq is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
brienzwiler is a municipality in interlaken - oberhasli in the canton of berne in switzerland .
hipólito rincón ( born 28 april , 1957 ) is a former spanish football player . he has played for spain national team .
muldraugh is a city of kentucky in the united states . it is located in the hardin and meade counties .
wellin is a municipality in the belgian province of luxembourg.in 2007 , 2958 people lived there.it is at .
john hartson ( born 5 april 1975 ) is a former welsh football player . he has played for wales national team .
livingston football club is a scottish football team based in livingston , west lothian . they currently play in the scottish premiership .
lay - lamidou is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
buhler is a city in reno county , kansas , united states . in 2010 , 1,327 people lived there .
robertsfors is an urban area in the county of västerbotten in sweden . it is the seat of robertsfors municipality .
daniel bilos ( born 3 september 1980 ) is a former argentine football player . he has played for the argentina national team .
thiago motta ( born 28 august 1982 ) is a brazilian football player . he plays for internazionale milano .
grisslehamn is a locality in norrtälje municipality in stockholm county in sweden . in 2010 , 249 people lived there .
nyland is a locality in kramfors municipality in västernorrland county in sweden . in 2010 , 903 people lived there .
connerré is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
giampiero pinzi ( born 11 march 1981 ) is an italian football player . he plays for chievoverona .
hansi müller ( born 27 july , 1957 ) is a former german football player . he has played for west germany national team .
burlington is a town in middlesex county , massachusetts , united states . the population was 24,498 at the 2010 census . .
saint - bonnet - de-four is a commune . it is found in the allier department in the center of france .
flogny - la - chapelle is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
clarksdale is a city in the u.s. state of mississippi . it is the county seat of coahoma county .
a choco pie is a small cake made up of two small round layers of cake with marshmallow filling and a chocolate covering .
lip gloss is a cosmetic . it makes lips shiny.lip gloss can also have shimmer , tints , glitter and flavor .
tinder is a material that is used to start fires easily when lit with a match.some materials commonly used as tinder are :
crab rave is a song by irish dj and music producer noisestorm . canadian record label monstercat released it on 1 april 2018 .
colonie is a town in albany county , new york . it has the population of 81,691 as of 2010 .
angelo peruzzi ( born 16 february 1970 ) is a former italian football player . he has played for italy 's national team .
ostabat - asme is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
tiko ( born 15 september 1976 ) is a former spanish football player . he has played for the national football team of spain .
maizy is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
uwe reinders ( born 19 january , 1955 ) is a former german football player . he has played for west germany national team .
coriaria ruscifolia are shrubs or small trees with bright red fruits like berries . the fruits and the leaves are very poisonous .
ngc 4102 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of ursa major . it is about 69 million light - years away from earth .
arpheuilles - saint - priest is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
zimmersheim is a commune in the haut - rhin department . in 2014 , 1,066 people lived there .
harmon county is a county in the u.s. state of oklahoma . as of 2000 , 3,283 people lived there .
goran jurić ( born 5 february 1963 ) is a former croatian football player . he has played for yugoslavia national team and croatia national team .
yelena chernykh ( née kolesnichenko ; august 24 , 1979 — october 4 , 2011 ) was a russian theatre actress .
paulo wanchope ( born 31 july 1976 ) is a former costa rican football player . he has played for costa rica national team .
milan baroš ( born 28 october 1981 ) is a czech football player . he plays for galatasaray and czech republic national team .
baigneaux , gironde is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
dvd talk is a website for dvd enthusiasts founded in january 1999 by geoffrey kleinman when dvds and dvd players were first beginning to hit the market .
saillans , gironde is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
jasseron is a commune . it is in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region in the ain department in east france .
niederentzen is a french commune in the haut - rhin department . it is on the left side of the ill river .
berrogain - laruns is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
ferney park is a football stadium in ballinamallard , northern ireland . ballinamallard united f.c . play there
in algebra , a nested radical is a root that has another root inside . formula_1 and formula_2 are nested radicals .
antonio puerta ( 26 november 1984 – 28 august 2007 ) is a former spanish football player . he has played for spain national team .
hafizabad district ( ) is a district in the punjab province of pakistan . the city of hafizabad is the capital .
hultsfred municipality ( ) is a municipality in kalmar county in southern sweden . the seat is in hultsfred .
mantorp is a locality in mjölby municipality in östergötland county in sweden . in 2010 , 3,671 people lived there 2010 .
plymouth superbird was a car made by plymouth motor company in 1970 only . it was the sister design to the dodge charger daytona .
bey is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
periwinkle may refer to : the common name of plants in two genera in the family apocynaceae : what is the point of learning
plonévez - du - faou ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
beringen is a municipality in the canton of schaffhausen in switzerland . since 2013 , guntmadingen part of the municipality .
niğde is a city in southern turkey . the city is in the central anatolia region . in 2013 , 201,597 people lived there .
tabaré ramón vázquez rosas ( ; born january 17 , 1940 ) is a uruguayan politician . he served as president of uruguay from 2015 to 2020 .
meccano is a building set that lets people make models and small mechanical devices . it was made in 1901 , and was from the united kingdom .
jupp kapellmann ( born 19 december , 1949 ) is a former german football player . he has played for west germany national team .
varambon is a commune . it is in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
saint - pierre - de-chevillé is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
cléden - cap - sizun ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
redevelopment is any new construction on a place which is already in use . an example is the redevelopment of a block of small houses into a large apartment .
the efogi tree frog ( " litoria prora " ) is a frog from papua new guinea.this frog lives in forests and wetlands .
ell is a commune in luxembourg . it is part of the canton of redange.as of 2019 , 1,350 people live here .
norwegian cruise line ( ncl ) is a company operating cruise ships , headquartered in miami , florida . it began in 1966 and currently owns ten ships .
interstate 16 is an interstate highway in the state of georgia in the united states . it goes from macon east to savannah . the route is long .
elephant polo is a variant of polo . it is played whilst riding elephants . it is played in nepal , sri lanka , india , and thailand .
rogue river is a city in jackson county , oregon , united states . as of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 2,131 .
juigné - sur - sarthe is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
fiskebäck is a minor locality situated in habo municipality in jönköping county , sweden . in 2010 , 130 people lived there . ( updated 8 october 2012 )
hunedoara ( ; ) is a county ( judeţ ) of romania , in transylvania . the capital of hunedoara county is deva .
stickney township is one of 29 townships in cook county , illinois , usa . as of the 2010 census , its population was 40,772 .
mayotte is an island in the indian ocean next to madagascar.it is geographically part of the comoros islands , but politically , it is part of france .
lion - sur - mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
zell am ziller is a municipality in the schwaz district in the austrian state of tyrol . the name comes from the river ziller .
a clavichord is a musical instrument like a small keyboard . it was very popular for many years , especially in the 16th , 17th and 18th centuries .
balaguer ( , ) is the capital of the noguera comarca . it is located in the province of lleida , catalonia , spain .
a music venue is any location of a music performance . in the music industry , it is common to refer to concert sites as venues , especially among touring acts .
kamil özdemir tolon , better known as kamil tolon , ( 29 february 1912 - 23 july 1978 ) is a turkish entrepreneur , scientist , businessman and industrialist .
saint - girons - d'aiguevives is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
jack guy lafontant ( born 4 april 1961 ) is a haitian politician . he was the prime minister of haiti from 21 march 2017 to 17 september 2018 .
the duped journalist is a 1914 hungarian drama movie directed by alexander korda and starring gyula gózon , gyula szőreghy , gyula zilahi .
dyskobolia grodzisk wielkopolski , is a polish football club based in grodzisk wielkopolski , poland .
benton is a city in scott county , missouri , united states . the population was 863 at the 2010 census . it is the county seat of scott county .
david lindon lammy ( born 19 july 1972 ) is a british labour party politician . he has been the member of parliament ( mp ) for tottenham since 2000 .
sjöfn was a goddess of love in norse mythology . she is described in the prose edda , written in the 13th century by snorri sturluson .
wilbert " bill " cobbs ( born june 16 , 1934 ) is an american movie and television actor . he has starred in over 120 movies and television programs .
tring is a town near the a41 road and aylesbury in buckinghamshire , england . in 2001 there were 12,027 people living in tring .
narayanganj ( , " " ) is a district in central bangladesh . it is part of the dhaka division . the main city of the district is narayanganj .
the extreme championship wrestling ( ecw ) world heavyweight championship was a professional wrestling world championship in extreme championship wrestling from 1994 through 2001 and world wrestling entertainment from 2006 through 2010 .
anthony joseph perry ( born september 10 , 1950 ) is an american guitarist and singer - songwriter . he is known as a member of the american rock band aerosmith .
lars is a male name . it is usually used in scandinavian countries and germany.lars comes from the roman name " laurentius " . some famous people named lars are :
givarlais is a former commune in the allier department in central france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune haut - bocage .
the 1957 – 58 eerste divisie was the 2nd eerste divisie tournament . it was won by willem ii and ado den haag .
the shell rock river is a tributary of the cedar river in iowa and minnesota . it is 102 miles long . it is part of the watershed of the mississippi river .
raspberry is a color that resembles the color of raspberries.the first recorded use of " raspberry " as a color name in english was in 1892 .
pittem is a municipality in the belgian province of west flanders.in 2007 , 6609 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 59 north , 03 ° 16 east .
kimble county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 4,607 people lived there . the county seat is junction .
the fire - eaters were a pro-slavery group of southerners in the antebellum south who wanted the separation of southern states into a new nation .
fontenay - le - pesnel is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
jackson county is a county in the u.s. state of indiana . as of 2010 , 42,376 people lived there . the county seat is brownstown .
henderson county is a county in the u.s. state of north carolina . in 2010 , 106,740 people lived there . its county seat is hendersonville .
nobles county is a county in the u.s. state of minnesota . as of 2010 , 21,378 people lived there . the county seat is worthington .
" oh ! darling " is a song of the beatles written by paul mccartney ( credited to lennon / mccartney ) and is the fourth song on the " abbey road " album .
sorocaba is a brazilian city in the state of são paulo . its population in 2005 was 565.180 inhabitants and its area is 449 km ² .
guanajuato is a mexican city . it is one of mexico 's safest cities . guanajuato is the capital of guanajuato state .
grim fandango is an adventure video game made by lucasarts for windows computers . it was released in october 1998 . the game was directed by tim schafer .
lisa anne loeb ( born march 11 , 1968 in bethesda , maryland ) is an american singer . she sings the song " stay ( i missed you ) " .
athies is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
douriez is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
wylie is a city and northeastern suburb of dallas , mainly in collin county , but now has parts going into neighboring dallas and rockwall counties in the u.s. state of texas .
marsupial moles ( notoryctidae ) is a family of marsupials of the order notoryctemorphia . there are only two extant species :
merchtem is a municipality in the belgian province of flemish brabant.in 2007 , 15053 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 57 north , 04 ° 14 east .
anansas county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 23,158 people lived there . the county seat is rockport .
nathaniel dwayne hale ( august 19 , 1969 – march 15 , 2011 ) , better known by his stage name , nate dogg , was an american rapper , singer , and actor .
five suns is an aztec myth about how the world was created . it says that there were four other suns before our own , because different gods served as the sun at different times :
wcw monday nitro was a professional wrestling television program for world championship wrestling ( wcw ) . the show ran from september 4 , 1995 to march 26 , 2001 and had 286 episodes .
saint - laurent - sur - saône is a commune . it is in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department . this in the east of france .
anubias gilletii is a plant in the araceae family . it was first described for science in 1901 by émile auguste joseph de wildeman and th . durand .
pathanapuram block panchayat is a block panchayat in kollam district , kerala state , india . the headquarters of this block panchayat is situated in pidavoor , pathanapuram .
this is a list of national hockey league ( nhl ) players who have played at least one game in the nhl from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with " m " .
peoria county is a county in the u.s. state of illinois . in the 2010 census , 186,494 people lived there . the county seat is peoria .
the province of forlì - cesena ( ) is a province in the emilia - romagna region in northeastern italy , on the adriatic sea . its capital is the city of forlì .
east germany national football team was the national football team of the german democratic republic ( gdr or east germany ) from 1952 to 1990 . the east germany team is now the germany team .
beernem is a town in the belgian province of west flanders.in 2007 , 14,691 people lived there.it is at 51 ° 08 north , 03 ° 20 east .
elliott county is a county in the u.s. state of kentucky . as of the 2010 census , the population was 7,852 . its county seat is sandy hook .
vermillion county is a county in the u.s. state of indiana . as of 2010 , 16,212 people lived there . the county seat is newport .
alleghany county is an american county in the commonwealth of virginia . the county seat is covington . as of the 2010 census , 16,250 people lived there .
annette bening ( born may 29 , 1958 ) is an american movie actress . she was born in topeka , kansas . she has been nominated four times for an academy award .
hermann baumann ( born 23 january 1921 ) is a retired swiss freestyle wrestler . he competed at the 1948 summer olympics in london where he won the bronze medal in the freestyle lightweight class .
sainte - marie - aux - mines is a commune . it is found in the haut - rhin department of eastern france . in 2015 , 5,136 people lived there .
a royal chapel is a chapel that is used , or historical has been , by a monarch or royal court or royal family . a royal chapel is often located inside or near a royal palace .
the arrondissement of soissons is an arrondissement of france , in the aisne department , hauts - de-france region . its capital is the city of soissons .
rockville is a census - designated place and a village of the town of vernon in tolland county , connecticut , united states . the population was 7,474 at the 2010 census .
wharton is a city in and the county seat of wharton county , texas , united states . this city is southwest of houston . the population was 8,832 at the 2010 census .
menongue is a town and municipality in cuando cubango province in angola . it is also the capital of the province . it is the end of the southern railway from namibe .
clearfield county is a county in the u.s. state of pennsylvania . as of the 2010 census , the population was 81,642 . its county seat is clearfield .
letcher county is a county in the u.s. state of kentucky . as of the 2010 census , the population was 24,519 . its county seat is whitesburg .
an electricity meter ( or energy meter ) is a device that measures the amount of electricity used by a house or business . measurements are usually taken in kilowatt hours ( kwh ) .
cebuano is a type of language spoken in the philippines . about 20,000,000 people speak this language . cebuano is a member of the visayan language family .
saint - aubin - des - bois , calvados is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
the 2006 winter paralympic games was the ninth winter paralympics . it was held in turin , italy from 10 to 19 march 2006 . these were the first winter paralympic games to be held in italy .
alain émile louis marie poher was a french politician . he was president of the french senate from 3 october 1968 to 1 october 1992 . because of this he was interim president of france twice .
, also known as washū , was an old province of japan in the area of nara prefecture on the island of honshū . the history of the province started in 716 and ended in 738 .
gallipolis ( ) is a chartered village in the u.s. state of ohio and the county seat of gallia county . the population was 3,641 at the 2010 census .
caldwell county is a county in missouri , united states . the county seat is kingston . in 2010 , 9,424 people lived there . it was organized on december 29 , 1836 .
the land of greece was divided in prefectures from 1833 to 1836 . it was divided again from 1845 until the kallikratis reform in 2010 . now greece is divided into peripheral units .
puget is a commune of 589 people ( 1999 ) . it is in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
aubin - saint - vaast is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
stanton county ( standard abbreviation : st ) is a county in the u.s. state of kansas . in 2010 , 2,235 people lived there . its county seat is johnson city .
the loa is a u-shaped river in chile 's northern antofagasta region . it is the longest river of the country and the main river in the atacama desert .
sulfur tetrafluoride , also known as sulfur ( iv ) fluoride , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is sf . it contains sulfur in its +4 oxidation state .
rené françois ghislain magritte ( 21 november 1898 – 15 august 1967 ) was a belgian surrealist artist . he was well known for a number of witty and thought - provoking images .
montgomery county is a county in the u.s. state of missouri . as of the 2010 census , the county had a population of 12,236 . the county seat is montgomery city .
elias canetti ( born july 25 , 1905 – died august 14 , 1994 ) was an bulgarian - swiss jewish author who wrote " crowds and power " . a mountain in antarctica is named for him .
human cloning is the creation of a human being , human cell , or human tissue taken from another human . this method is used to make an exact copy of a human.it has two types :
this page lists breeds of domestic cats . the list includes breeds that are old traditional breeds , and also rare breeds or new breeds that are still being developed . please see individual articles for more information .
northeastern university is a private university in boston , massachusetts . the university has about 20,749 students . it was founded in 1898 . the current president of the university is joseph aoun .
jameson is a famous brand of irish whiskey . it is amber in color and has quite a strong smell . it is an alcoholic beverage.in ireland , people refer to it as " jemmie " .
nielles - lès - ardres is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
cher is a department in the centre of france in the centre - val de loire region . it is named after the cher river , the most important river in the department.its prefecture is bourges .
the dordogne ( ) is a river in south - central and southwest france . the dordogne river and its drainage basin was named as a biosphere reserve by the unesco on 11 july 2012 .
adams is a city in adams county in the u.s. state of wisconsin . the population was 1,967 at the 2010 census . the city is located within the town of adams .
altötting is a " landkreis " ( district ) in bavaria , germany . its capital is also named altötting.the district is on the austrian border . the inn river crosses the district from west to east .
elmore county is a county in the u.s. state of idaho . as of the 2010 census , 29,130 people lived there . the county seat and largest city is mountain home .
the american league central division is a group of baseball teams in the american league of major league baseball ( mlb ) . the teams all play in the midwestern united states . it was started in 1920 .
the charles river is a river that runs between boston and cambridge in massachusetts . it is 80 miles long and starts at hopkinton , massachusetts and ends at the atlantic ocean after feeding through the boston harbour .
rennet is made from the stomachs of mammals . it is used in things like suet and cakes . it can also be used to make cheese.including pepsin and lipase .
the lamborghini silhouette ( sometimes called the lamborghini silhouette p300 ) is a sports car . lamborghini made it from 1976 to 1979 . it came after the urraco .
pope gregory xvi ( , ; 18 september 1765 – 1 june 1846 ) , born bartolomeo alberto cappellari , was an italian cleric of the roman catholic church and the 255th pope from 1831 to 1846 .
little bealings is a village and civil parish in suffolk coastal , suffolk , england . in 2001 there were 445 people living in little bealings . little bealings has a church called all saints .
tampa is a city in florida , a state of the united states . it has a population of about 340,000 people as of 2008 . tampa is the 53rd largest city in the usa .
torcy , pas - de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
koenigsegg automotive ab is a swedish company that makes cars . they make " super cars " , a mixture of sports cars and a fast cars . the main office is in ängelholm , sweden .
kalzeubet pahimi deubet is a chadian businessman , economist , and politician . he became prime minister of chad in november 2013 after the resignation of djimrangar dadnadji .
timo antero kotipelto ( born march 15 1969 ) is the vocalist of the finnish power metal band stratovarius and is the creator and vocalist of the power metal band kotipelto .
merenschwand is a municipality of the district of muri in the canton of aargau in switzerland.the municipality of benzenschwil merged on 1 january 2012 into merenschwand .
los alamos county ( english : the poplars or cottonwoods ) is a county in the u.s. state of new mexico . as of the 2010 census , the population was 17,950 .
central connecticut state university is a public university in new britain , connecticut . the university has about 12,315 students . it was founded in 1849 . the current president of the university is jack miller .
delicias ( spanish for " delights " ) is a city in chihuahua , mexico . it is the seat of the municipality of the same name . it is located southeast of the state capital , chihuahua .
17 is a year in the 1st century . it was a common year starting on friday of the julian calendar . at the time , it was known as the year of the consulship of flaccus and rufus
fleury , pas - de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
bhimber ( ) is the main town of the bhimber district in azad kashmir . the town is on the border between azad kashmir and pakistan . it is about 50 km from mirpur .
villach ( , ) is the seventh - largest city in austria ( after klagenfurt ) . it is also a district of carinthia . about 70,000 people lived there in 2016 .
rumson is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey , united states . it is part of the new york metropolitan area . as of the 2010 census , the borough 's population was 7,122 .
saint pope john xxiii ( ; ) , born angelo giuseppe roncalli ( 25 november 1881 - 3 june 1963 ) , was an italian priest of the roman catholic church and the 262nd pope from 1958 to 1963 .
gothenburg cathedral ( ) is a cathedral in the town of gothenburg in sweden . belonging to gothenburg cathedral parish of the church of sweden , it serves the diocese of gothenburg , and was opened on trinity sunday , 21 may 1815 .
judith basin county is a county found in the u.s. state of montana . as of the 2010 united states census , there were 2,072 people . its county seat is the town of stanford .
ettiswil is a municipality of the district of willisau in the canton of lucerne in switzerland.on january 1 , 2006 the municipality of kottwil.it is south of the wauwilermoos .
mildred ella " babe " didrikson zaharias june 26 , 1911 – september 27 , 1956 ) zaharias died on september 27 , 1956 in galveston , texas from colorectal cancer at the age of 45 .
jean stapleton ( born jeanne murray ; january 19 , 1923 – may 31 , 2013 ) was an american actress . she was known for her role as edith bunker in the 1970 comedy show " all in the family " .
a disaster is something bad that happens to people and almost always changes their lives completely . disasters can destroy homes and many kinds of work . disasters can be of different kinds , but most are caused by forces of nature .
henrico county ( formerly henrico shire ) , officially the county of henrico , is a county in the commonwealth of virginia in the united states . as of the 2010 census , the population was 306,935 .
neumarkt is a " landkreis " ( district ) in bavaria , germany.the district is located in the mountains of the franconian jura . the southern parts are occupied by the altmühl valley nature park .
princess mary , duchess of gloucester and edinburgh ( 25 april 1776 – 30 april 1857 ) was the fourth daughter and eleventh child of george iii and queen charlotte . she was the last living child of george iii , dying in 1857 .
beuchat international , known as beuchat , is a company that builds and sells underwater equipment . it was established in 1934 in marseille , france.the company was founded in 1934 by mr. georges beuchat .
decatur is a city and county seat of morgan county , alabama . it has a population of about 56,000 people . decatur has an area of about 60 miles and sits at a height of about 561 feet .
eusébio ( 25 january 1942 – 5 january 2014 ) was a portuguese football player . he played for portugal national team and benfica . he is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.he was born in mozambique .
juila goulding ( born 27 march 1985 ) is an english actress who has played shona ramsey on the itv soap opera coronation street and coronation street omnibus since 2016 - ) . she is born in greater manchester , england , uk .
robert roderick meyers ( august 11 , 1924 – march 22 , 2014 ) was a canadian ice hockey player . he was a member of the edmonton mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 winter olympics in oslo , norway .
ryan longwell ( born august 16 , 1974 ) was an nfl kicker from 1997 - 2012 . he went to college in california . he played for the green bay packers and the minnesota vikings . his jersey number was 8 .
romain rolland ( 29 november 1866 , clamecy , nièvre – 30 december 1944 , vézelay ) was a french writer . he received the nobel prize in literature in 1915 . he wrote dramas , novels , and essays .
the 2005 fifa confederations cup was the 7th fifa confederations cup tournament . it took place in germany from 15 june to 29 june . brazil won the tournament after defeating argentina . the host , germany , got third place .
public policy polling ( ppp ) is a u.s. polling firm based in raleigh , north carolina . ppp was founded in 2001 by businessman dean debnam , the firm 's current president and chief executive officer .
japanese literature is literature written in the japanese language . early japanese literature was a lot like chinese literature because japan and china had a lot of contact . over time , japanese literature became a new style that was different from chinese literature .
bloomsburg is a town in and the county seat of columbia county , pennsylvania , united states . it is the only incorporated town in pennsylvania . as of the 2010 census , the town had a population of 14,855 .
isle of palms is a city in charleston county , south carolina , united states . at the 2010 census , the population was 4,133 . the city is included within the charleston - north charleston - summerville metropolitan area .
red bank is a borough in monmouth county , new jersey . it was created in 1908 and located on the navesink river . as of the 2010 united states census , the borough had a population of 12,206 .
ground fighting ( in martial arts sometimes referred to as " ground work " or " ground game " ) is hand - to - hand combat which takes place while the fighters are on the ground , generally involving a degree of clutching of gripping .
ace of base are a swedish pop - rock group . the beginning of this group was in 1990 . there have been changes in the members of ace of base many times . they had four studio albums between 1993 and 2002 .
a comedian is a person who tells jokes , or acts in comedies . some people use the french loanword " comedienne " to refer to female comedians . a comedian can also be called a comic or a comic actor .
george galloway ( born 16 august 1954 ) is a british politician . he is a former member of the labour party , but left in october 2003 ; later he was in the respect party , until this group was wound up in 2016 .
super typhoon mike ( international designation : 9025 , jtwc designation : 27w , pagasa name : ruping ) was the strongest and deadliest typhoon of the 1990 pacific typhoon season as it crossed the philippines in november .
diarrhea ( die - uh - ree - uh ) , also spelled diarrhoea , happens when the body makes more watery feces than normal . diarrhea can occur in humans as well as most other mammals
melmerby is a village in cumbria , england . it is a small village with a population of around 200 . it has a church called st john the baptist 's church . it is 9 miles northeast of penrith .
the office of minister president ( ) , or prime minister , of prussia existed from 1848 , when it was formed by the king frederick william iv during the 1848 – 49 revolution , until the abolition of prussia in 1947 by the allied control council .
codename : kids next door – operation : s.o.d.a . is a platformer video game based on the american animated television series " " . the game was released exclusively for the game boy advance in 2004 .
carthage is a village located in the town of wilna in jefferson county , new york , united states . the population was 3,747 at the 2010 census . the village is named after the historic city of carthage in tunisia .
richard roxburgh ( born january 1 , 1962 ) is an australian actor . he has starred in many australian movies and has appeared in supporting roles in a number of hollywood productions . roxburgh normally plays the role of villains .
shahdol district is a district of madhya pradesh state in india . it is rich in coal , a tribal district . dhanpuri secl coal mines , soda factory , orient paper mills , reliance gas plant are major employers .
these islands are islands owned by france , they are some of the south most inhabited islands in the world . they are in the southern ocean or antarctic ocean . residents include visiting military personnel , government officials , research scientists and support staff .
suidae is the family to which pigs and their relatives belong . several species are currently recognised , including the domestic pig . in addition to numerous species of wild pig , the family includes the babirusa and the warthog .
laguna beach is a city located in southern orange county , california , in the united states . it is known for a mild year - round climate and ocean - side view . the population in the 2010 census was 22,723 .
marcia gay harden ( born 14 august 1959 ) is an american academy award winning television , movie and theater actress . she has acted in many television programs and in many movies . she is from la jolla , san diego , california .
the klamath river flows through oregon and northern california in the united states . it is long . the river empties into the pacific ocean.the klamath is the second largest river in california after the sacramento river .
a red box is a device that people used illegally in the 20th century to make free telephone calls at a payphone . it worked by playing back the same sounds that the payphone sends to the phone company when coins are put into it .
the 1934 – 35 nhl season was the 18th season of the national hockey league . nine teams each played 48 games . the montreal maroons were the stanley cup winners as they swept the toronto maple leafs in three games in the final series .
chavara is a village in karunagappally taluk , kollam district , kerala , india . it is a part of kollam lok sabha constituency constituency . the mla of the constituency is currently vijayan pillai .
munshausen ( ) is a former commune in luxembourg . it was part of the canton of clervaux.on 1 january 2012 , the commune was merged with heinerscheid to form the commune of clervaux .
mallemort is a commune of 5,501 people ( 2005 ) . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the bouches - du - rhône department in the south of france .
lyman county is a county located in the u.s. state of south dakota . as of the 2010 census , 3,755 people lived there . its county seat is kennebec . it was created in 1873 .
monte pissis is a mountain in the andes range , in argentina . it is the 3rd highest mountain in the andes.the first people to reach the top were the polish climbers osiecki and szczepanski in 1937 .
jaclyn smith ( born october 26 , 1945 in houston , texas ) is an american actress . she played kelly garrett in the television series " charlie 's angels " from 1976 to 1981 . she also acted in many television movies .
to catch a killer is a television movie from 1992 . it was directed by eric till , and starred brian dennehy and michael riley . the movie is based on the true story of the pursuit of american serial killer john wayne gacy .
hermleigh is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in scurry county , texas , united states.hermleigh is ninety - six miles southeast of lubbock , and has population of 345 people at the 2010 census .
roman stanley gribbs ( december 29 , 1925 – april 5 , 2016 ) was an american politician . he was the mayor of detroit from 1970 to 1974 . later , gribbs served as a judge on the michigan court of appeals .
molecular geometry is the way atoms are arranged in a molecule . the three - dimensional arrangement determines many properties of that molecule . there are many different molecular structures . they are organised by the number of atoms involved and the angles between the bonds .
the flint river is a river in the u.s. state of georgia . the river drains of western georgia . along with the apalachicola and the chattahoochee rivers , it forms part of the acf basin .
" dance , dance " is the second single from fall out boy 's third studio album " from under the cork tree " . released in 2006 , the single reached # 3 in the u.s. , becoming their second top 10 single .
vilmantas dilys ( born october 6 , 1987 , utena , lithuania ) is a lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for lietuvos rytas.he is 2.08 m tall and can play both power forward and small forward positions .
hargicourt is a former commune . it is found in the region hauts - de-france in the somme department in the north of france . on 1 january 2019 , it was merged into the new commune of trois - rivières .
gloria gaynor ( born gloria fowles , september 7 , 1949 near newark , new jersey ) is an american recording artist and musician . she performed disco in the 1970s . she is best known for her classic song " i will survive " .
consumer confidence is an economic word that measures the degree of optimism that consumers feel about the overall state of the economy and their personal financial situation . if the consumer has confidence in the economy , it is more likely they will spend money rather than save money .
the legend of zelda : link 's awakening is an action - adventure game for the nintendo switch . it was developed by grezzo and published by nintendo . " link 's awakening " is a remake of the for the game boy .
the 1983 – 84 nhl season was the 67th season of the national hockey league . twenty - one teams each played 80 games . the edmonton oilers beat the four - time defending stanley cup champion new york islanders four games to one in the cup finals .
thanhha lai is a american writer who was born in vietnam . she won the 2011 national book award for young people 's literature and a newbery medal for her first novel , " inside out & back again " , published by harpercollins .
doylestown is a borough and the county seat of bucks county in the u.s. state of pennsylvania . it is located north of philadelphia and southwest of new york city . as of the 2010 census , the borough population was 8,380 .
the danish football association ( dbu ) is the body that controls danish football . the dbu has also been the governing body of futsal in denmark since 2008 . formed on may 18 , 1889 , it is the oldest football association outside great britain and ireland .
sant julià de lòria is one of the parishes of andorra . it is the most southern parish of the country . sant julià de lòria is also the name of the main town of the parish . the university of andorra is in the parish .
northport is a historic village in the town of huntington on long island , new york . northport is known for its victorian era village center , still bearing trolley rails . as of 2010 , the village has a population of around 7,401 .
casper is an american city in the state of wyoming . it is in natrona county . about 50,000 people live in casper . casper has an area of about 25 square miles and sits at an elevation of 5,150 feet .
nanjing greenland financial center or greenland square zifeng tower is a skyscraper in nanjing , china . it is 459 meters ( 1476 feet ) tall and has 89 floors . it was built in 2009 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world
the united states department of the interior ( doi ) is a cabinet department of the united states government that manages and conserves most federally owned land . these responsibilities are different from other countries ' interior departments or ministries , which tend to focus on police or security .
psychiatry is a part of medicine that studies , diagnoses and treats mental illnesses and abnormal behaviours and conditions that cause problems and make life difficult for people . the people who practice psychiatry and treat others who have psychiatric problems are called " psychiatrists " .
giovanni francesco romanelli ( born 1610 – 1662 ) was an italian painter of the baroque style.romanelli was an italian painter of who trained in rome in the workshop of pietro da cortona . cortona was the leading painter of the time .
satam m. a. al - suqami ( ) ( born june 28 , 1976 ; died september 11 , 2001 ) , was one of five men named by the fbi as hijackers of american airlines flight 11 in the september 11 , 2001 attacks .
wolbachia is a genus of bacteria which infects arthropod species , including a high proportion of insects . it is one of the world 's most common parasitic microbes and is possibly the most common reproductive parasite in the biosphere .
the parliament of albania ( ) or kuvendi is the unicameral representative body of the citizens of the republic of albania ; it is albania 's legislature . the parliament is made up of not less than 140 members elected to a four - year term .
ikaalinen is a town in pirkanmaa , finland . it had about 7,295 people living there in january 2014 . the municipalities next to it are hämeenkyrö , jämijärvi , kankaanpää , parkano , sastamala and ylöjärvi .
ricardo montaner is the eponymous debut studio album recorded by argentine - venezuelan singer - songwriter ricardo montaner , it was released by th - rodven in early 1987 ( see 1987 in music ) . it reached # 1 on the " billboard " latin pop albums chart .
teays valley ( ) is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in putnam county , west virginia , united states . the place is divided into the two districts of teays valley and scott depot . the population was 13,175 at the 2010 census .
the casimir effect ( predicted by hendrik casimir in 1948 ) is the attraction of two metal plates in a vacuum . this effect occurs because of a side effect of the quantum uncertainty principle , where ' virtual ' particles cause the plates to be slightly pushed towards each other .
mar menor ( , " minor sea " ) is a salty lagoon , in the southeast of the autonomous community of murcia , in spain . it separated from the mediterranean sea by la manga , a sandbar in length and with a width ranging from to .
thirty - two is a number . it comes between thirty - one and thirty - three , and is an even number . it is divisible by 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , and 16 , and 32 . it is also a power of two .
byron moreno ( born 23 november 1969 ) is a former ecuadorian football referee . he has been suspended for his job , because he showed illegal red cards . he was also arrested in new york for the possession of the illegal drug heroin and was fined for drunk driving .
saint - caprais - de-blaye is a former commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france . on 1 january 2019 , it was merged into the new commune val - de-livenne .
karl lewis glusman ( born january 3 , 1988 ) is an american actor.glusman was born in new york city and raised in portland , oregon . his parents are of ashkenazi jewish , english , german , irish , luxembourgian and swedish descent .
lincoln heights jail was a jail building in lincoln heights . it closed in 1954 . it is said to be haunted . the jail is sometimes used as a movie set . it was used to make parts of the music video for " telephone " by lady gaga .
michelle " shelly " jenneke ( ; born on june 23 , 1993 ) is an australian hurdler and model , who won a silver medal for the 100 meters hurdles at the 2010 summer youth olympics . she became well known in 2012 for her dancing before a race .
our band could be your life : scenes from the american indie underground , 1981 - 1991 is a book by michael azerrad ( ) . the book tells about the history of 13 alternative rock bands , including sonic youth , fugazi , minor threat and hüsker du .
jean - marie lehn ( born september 30 , 1939 ) is a french chemist . he received the 1987 nobel prize in chemistry together with donald james cram and charles j. pedersen . he specializes in organic chemistry.he was born in rosheim , france .
kalyan singh ( born 5 january 1932 ) is an indian politician . he was governor of rajasthan from 2014 to 2019 . he also was governor of himachal pradesh in 2015 . he was a politician of the bharatiya janata party from the state of uttar pradesh .
lee daniels ' the butler is a 2013 american historical drama movie directed by lee daniels . it is based on eugene allen , who was a white house butler during eight american presidencies from 1952 to 1986 . it was the last movie produced by laura ziskin .
flyball is a relay race between two teams of dogs . each team is made up of four dogs and handlers and a ball loader . there are also two reserve dogs and handlers who can be swapped between legs . each race consists of three legs .
ganga prasad chaurasia ( born 8 july 1939 ) is an indian politician . he is a member of the bharatiya janata party . from 2017 to 2018 , he was the governor of meghalaya . in 2018 , he became the governor of sikkim .
grand est is an administrative region of france . it was created in 2016 . it was created by combining the former regions of alsace , champagne - ardenne , and lorraine . " alsace - champagne - ardenne - lorraine " was the temporary name for the region .
mather tower ( later lincoln tower ) is a neo-gothic , terra cotta - clad high - rise structure in chicago , illinois , usa . it is located at 75 east wacker drive in the downtown " loop " area , adjacent to the chicago river .
giuseppe ferrara ( 15 july 1932 – 25 june 2016 ) was an italian movie director and screenwriter . he was known for directing " the moro affair " ( 1986 ) . ferrara died in rome , italy on 25 june 2016 from cardiac arrest after suffering from pneumonia , aged 83 .
rishton ka chakravyuh ( english : labyrinth of relationship ) was an indian television drama series that airs on star plus.the show went off air on 23 january 2018 and it got replaced by a political show har shaakh pe ullu baithaa hai .
a studio is a place where an artist can work . studios can be used for many things , such as making photos , movies , television shows , cartoons , or music . the word comes from the latin word , " studium " , which means to eagerly want something .
a geographical pole is either of two points on the surface of a rotating planet where the axis of rotation meets the surface of the planet . the north geographical pole of a body is 90 degrees north of the equator . the south geographical pole lies 90 degrees south of the equator .
alingsås vbk is a volleyball club in the town of alingsås in sweden . it was established on 1 june 1961 . the club joined the swedish volleyball federation on 19 december the same year . the club won the swedish women 's national championship in the year of 1971 .
alberto carlos rivera díaz ( born 15 november 1979 ) is a spanish lawyer and politician . he has been the leader of citizens since july 2006 and placed fourth in the 2016 general election . he is a member of the congress of deputies and a former member of the parliament of catalonia .
anatole borisovich katok ( ; august 9 , 1944 – april 30 , 2018 ) was an russian - american mathematician . katok was the director of the center for dynamics and geometry at the pennsylvania state university.his field of research was the theory of dynamical systems .
dora the explorer is an american animated television series created by chris gifford , valerie walsh , and eric weiner . the first episode aired in 1999 , and " dora the explorer " became a regular series in 2000 . the series earned $ 2.5 billion in sales in 2010 alone .
byblos is the greek name of the phoenician city gebal ( ; ; earlier gubla / phoenician : 𐤂𐤁𐤋 ) . it is said to be the oldest city in the world ( according to the ancient historian philo of byblos ) .
statesville is a city in iredell county , north carolina , united states . statesville was created in 1789 . the population was 24,532 at the 2010 census.it is the county seat of iredell county and is part of the charlotte metropolitan area .
chelsea football club womenare an english women 's football club based in fulham , england . previously , they were named chelsea ladies football club.chelsea women were a founding member of the fa wsl in 2010 , the top level of women 's football in england since 2011 .
the lamborghini veneno is a supercar . it was made by lamborghini in 2013 . only five venenos were built . the veneno is based off the lamborghini aventador , and uses a version of its v12 .
sônia braga ( june 8 , 1950 ) is a brazilian and american actress . she acts mostly in movies . she starred in " the rookie " and " moon over parador " . she has also been in a few television programs , including " csi : miami " .
malvern is a town in worcestershire , england . it is an old victorian town which was built around its famous water . it has a population of 28,749 . it is home to the famous malvern hills , and was the birthplace of the composer sir edward elgar .
back to the future is a 1985 american science fiction adventure movie directed by robert zemeckis and written by bob gale . it stars michael j . fox , christopher lloyd and crispin glover . it is the first movie for the " back to the future trilogy " .
juan miguel miranda ( born april 25 , 1983 in consolación del sur , cuba ) is an cuban major league baseball first baseman who currently plays for the arizona diamondbacks . miranda also played for the new york yankees from 2008 to 2010 before being traded to the arizona diamondbacks for scott allen .
the diocese of kalmar ( ) was a diocese of the church of sweden , established in 1603 , and disestablished in 1915 , becoming a part of the diocese of växjö . covering circa half of kalmar county , it used the kalmar cathedral as its seat .
bob kelly " bobby " abreu ( born march 11 , 1974 , in turmero , venezuela ) , is a major league baseball player . he plays with the los angeles dodgers . his nicknames are " el comedulce " and also " la luche " .
french guiana ( ) is an overseas department and region of france , on the north atlantic coast of south america . by land area , it is the second largest region of france and the largest overseas department of france and of the european union.its prefecture and largest city is cayenne .
saint - pierre - tarentaine is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of souleuvre - en - bocage .
the bafta award for best original screenplay is the british academy film award for the best script not based upon previously published material . it has been awarded since 1984 . in 1984 the category bafta award for best screenplay was split into two awards , this one and the bafta award for best adapted screenplay .
in typesetting by hand compositing , a sort is a piece of type representing a specific letter or symbol , cast from a matrix mould and assembled with other sorts bearing additional letters into lines of type to make up a " forme " , from which a page is printed .
dree hemingway ( born december 4 , 1987 ) is an american fashion model and actress . she is the daughter of mariel hemingway and niece of margaux hemingway . she did editorials for " harper 's bazaar " and for " vogue " . she was born in idaho .
" stay " is a 1997 song by the german dj group sash ! and it features american singer la trec . it is the fourth and final single from sash ! 's first studio album " it 's my life – the album " which was released on 25 august 1997 .
a keylogger is a piece of software or computer hardware which records keystrokes on a computer . its most common use is in spyware to obtain passwords and credit card details . the government sometimes uses keyloggers to break encryption and to spy on wrong - doers .
jell - o is a brand name for a dessert . it is known for a number of gelatin desserts , such as fruit gels , puddings , and unbaked cream pies . including fruit gels , puddings and no - bake cream pies .
thomas hitzlsberger ( born april 5 , 1982 ) is a german football player . he plays for west ham united and germany national team . in 2014 he told " die zeit " that he is gay . he is the first premier league footballer to come out as gay .
mesa is a city in maricopa county , arizona and part of the phoenix - mesa - scottsdale metropolitan area . it is the 38th largest city in the united states of america . it was settled by members of the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints in january 1878 .
the 2008 sichuan earthquake ( ) was a big earthquake in china on may 12 , 2008 . thousands of people were killed , thousands more people were missing and thousands were hurt . millions of people were left homeless after their houses fell down . the earthquake could be felt 58 of kilometres away .
elizabeth ann reaser ( born 15 june 1975 ) is an american actress . she played esme cullen in the " twilight " movies . she also played rebecca pope / ava in " grey 's anatomy " in the 2007 - 2008 season.reaser was born in bloomfield , michigan .
hailemariam desalegn boshe ( ) ( born 19 july 1965 ) is an ethiopian politician . he became prime minister of ethiopia in july 2012 after the death of then - prime minister meles zenawi . he resigned on 15 february 2018 after mass protests and civil unrest .
no way out ( 2008 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view show made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) . it was held on february 17 , 2008 at the thomas & mack center in las vegas , nevada . it was the tenth no way out event held by the wwe .
the cinquillo is a syncopated rhythm found in a number of afro - latin musical styles . it is present in the cuban habanera and danzón , and in the argentine tango . it is , with polyrhythms , a characteristic african influence on latin music .
the onager ( " equus hemionus " ) is a large mammal belonging to the equidae family . it is native to the deserts of syria , iran , pakistan , kashmir , israel and palestine , and western china . it is sometimes known as the asian wild ass .
the didache ( pronounced " " did " ah kay " ) or the teaching of the twelve apostles is an early christian hand book . it was written in the first or early second century ad.it gives information about christian ethics , rituals such as baptism and eucharist , and church organization .
pierre nanterme ( 7 september 1959 – 31 january 2019 ) was a french business executive . he was the chairman and chief executive officer ( ceo ) of accenture.nanterme was diagnosed with colon cancer in 2016 . nanterme died on 31 january 2019 at the age of 59 .
pablo corral embade ( born january 25 , 1972 in a coruña ) is a swimmer from spain . he has a disability : he is blind and is an b2 / s12 type swimmer . he raced at the 1996 summer paralympics . he finished second in the 50 meter freestyle .
patmos is a town in hempstead county , arkansas , united states . the population was 64 at the 2010 census . it is the same name after the greek island of patmos.it is found at ( 33.512430 , -93.568506 ) .
bottidda ( " bòtidda " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sassari in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 694 people lived there . its area is 33.71 km ² . it is 396 meters above sea level .
james gerard roche ( born december 16 , 1939 ) is an american politician . he was the 20th secretary of the air force , serving from january 20 , 2001 to january 20 , 2005 . roche served in the united states navy for 23 years , and as an executive with northrop grumman .
gérald tremblay ( born september 20 , 1942 ) is a canadian politician and businessman . he was mayor of montreal from 2002 until his resignation in 2012 . he also was president of the montreal metropolitan community.tremblay resigned as mayor on november 5 , 2012 after people accused him of corruption .
tissi ( " tissi " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sassari in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 2,402 people lived there . its area is 10.24 km ² . it is 250 meters above sea level .
heidi alexander ( born 17 april 1975 ) is a british labour party politician who has been the member of parliament ( mp ) for lewisham east since the 2010 general election . she was appointed shadow secretary of state for health on 13 september 2015 . she resigned from the shadow cabinet on 26 june 2016 .
hämeenkoski is a former municipality in päijänne tavastia , finland . almost 2,100 people lived there as of january 2014 . nearby municipalities include asikkala , hausjärvi , hollola , hämeenlinna and kärkölä . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged to the municipality of hollola .
the maxilla is the upper jaw . in mammals it is tightly fused to the skull , but in fish and reptiles it is usually not . in snakes , for example , the maxilla is able to move relative to the rest of the skull , and the jaws can separate entirely to swallow prey .
ballao ( " ballàu " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sud sardegna in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 812 people lived there . its area is 46.63 km ² . it is 98 meters above sea level .
desensitized is the second studio album by american alternative metal band drowning pool . it was their first album after the death of vocalist dave williams as well as the first and only album to feature jason ' gong ' jones as vocalist . the album debuted at # 17 on the billboard 200 chart .
sven gösta ågren ( august 3 , 1936 – june 24 , 2020 ) was a finnish author . he won the finlandia prize in 1988 for " jär " . ågren wrote his works in swedish . he was known for his left - wing views.ågren died on june 24 , 2020 , aged 83 .
catharina " cathy " ubels - veen ( 28 october 1928 – 17 february 2015 ) was a dutch politician . she was a member of the second chamber of the netherlands for the evangelical people 's party between 1982 and 1986.ubels - veen died in amsterdam , aged 86 .
george cooper stevens jr. ( born april 3 , 1932 ) is an american writer , playwright , director and producer . he was born in los angeles . he is the founder of the american film institute , creator of the afi life achievement award and instigator / producer of the kennedy center honors .
the vickers viscount is a british airliner . it is a four - turboprop civilian aircraft . it can carry between 65 and 75 passengers . the vanguard is an enlarged cargo aircraft variant . it was used by air france , boac , united airlines and many other airlines in the world .
sharsheret ( hebrew for “ chain " ) is a national not - for - profit organization . it was created to support young jewish women with breast cancer , or their families . it was founded by rochelle shoretz in 2001 . their headquarter is in teaneck , new jersey .
fernando jacob hubertina hendrika ricksen ( 27 july 1976 – 18 september 2019 ) was a dutch former professional footballer . he played as a right back and right midfielder . he was mostly known for his six - year spell at rangers . he earned 12 caps for the netherlands at international level .
forgetting sarah marshall is a 2008 romantic comedy - drama that looks at romances , break - ups and arguments . kristen bell plays sarah marshall and mila kunis plays rachel jansen . this romance comedy - drama was released april 18 , 2008 , with very positive box office revenue and very high reviews .
james enos clyburn ( ; born july 21 , 1940 ) is an american politician . he is a member of the democratic party . he is the u.s. representative for since 1993 , and the house majority whip since 2019 . he was previously house majority whip from 2007 to 2011 .
schortens is a town in lower saxony , germany . it has 12 districts : schortens , heidmühle , grafschaft , accum , sillenstede , schoost , roffhausen , middelsfähr , addernhausen , oestringfelde , ostiem and upjever .
3d brick breaker revolution is a game for ios and windows phone 7 that was made by digital chocolate . it came out on march 27 , 2009 for ios , and on windows phone 7 on december 1 , 2010 . the version for windows phone 7 can work with the leaderboard and achievement features of xbox live .
grandval is a municipality of the administrative district of jura bernois in the canton of berne in switzerland . < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br >
wilhelm bodewin gustav keitel ( 22 september 1882 in helmscherode – 16 october 1946 in nuremberg ) was a german field marshal between 1938 and 1945 the chief of the " oberkommando der wehrmacht " . he was one of the 24 accused of the nuremberg trials and hanged in 1946 .
the central bank of azerbaijan ( ) is the central bank of azerbaijan . the headquarters of the bank is in the capital city baku . the bank has regional branch offices in nakhchivan , ganja , yevlakh , khachmaz , goychay and bilasuvar .
prosper mérimée ( september 28 , 1803 – september 23 , 1870 ) was a french writer . he was also a historian and an archaeologist . he is probably best known for writing the short story " carmen " . " carmen " became the basis for the opera " carmen " by georges bizet .
the american family association ( afa in short ) is a christian fundamentalist group united states . they are against homosexuality , same - sex marriage and abortion . they also have positions on a number of other issues . the group is located in tupelo , mississippi . it was founded in 1977 .
caihong ( ) is an extinct dinobird from late jurassic china . " caihong " was discovered in 2014 . the animal may predate the famous " aurornis xui " , the earliest bird , by about 1 million years.the type species , caihong juji , was named in 2018 .
grimentz is a village and former municipality in the district of sierre in the canton of valais in switzerland.on 1 january 2009 the former municipalities of grimentz , ayer , chandolin , saint - jean , saint - luc and vissoie merged into the new municipality of anniviers .
anizy - le - grand is a new commune in the department of aisne in the region hauts - de-france in north france . it was created on 1 january 2019 and is made of the former communes of anizy - le - château , faucoucourt and lizy .
questacon – the national science and technology centre is on the southern shore of lake burley griffin , an artificial lake in canberra , act , australia.it has more than 200 interactive exhibits relating to science and technology . it was designed to expose children to science . it is suitable for visitors of all ages .
jane child ( also jane richman ; february 15 , 1967 ) is a canadian musician . she sang the song " do n't wan na fall in love " which was # 2 on " billboard " hot 100 in spring 1990 . she also sang other hits . child was born in toronto , ontario .
bergün / bravuogn ( , , , in the local romansh dialect brauégn ) is a former municipality in the district albula in the canton of graubünden in switzerland.on 1 january 2018 the former municipalities of bergün / bravuogn and filisur merged into the new municipality of bergün filisur .
charlie countryman is a 2013 romantic comedy - thriller movie . the movie is about relationships and love , taking chances and life in chicago . the title character is played by shia labeouf . evan rachel wood plays gabi.the movie got negative reviews from critics . it was released in november 2013 .
riding in cars with boys is a 2001 american biographical drama movie based on beverly donofrio 's autobiography . it is set in the years from 1961 to 1985 , and starring drew barrymore , brittany murphy and maggie gyllenhaal.the movie received mixed reviews . it was released in october 2001 .
saat bhai champa is a bengali television soap opera that premiered on november 27 , 2017 and airs on zee bangla . it is produced by surinder films and stars rudrajit mukherjee and pramita chakraborty in lead roles and sudipa banerjee in a negative role .
michael uppendahl is an american television and movie director . he is very well known in the movie industry . he directed over seven hours of the major show " mad men " . along with " mad men " , he has worked with amc to direct multiple episodes of other shows such as the walking dead .
christopher jarvis haley hogwood cbe ( 10 september 194124 september 2014 ) was an english conductor , harpsichordist , writer , and musicologist . he was the founder of the academy of ancient music . hogwood was born in nottingham , england.hogwood died in cambridge , england on 24 september 2014 , aged 73 .
thomas ewing jr. ( august 7 , 1829 – january 21 , 1896 ) was an attorney , the first chief justice of kansas and leading free state advocate , union army general during the american civil war , and two - term united states congressman from ohio , 1877 – 1881 . he barely lost the 1880 campaign for ohio governor .
antimony trifluoride , also known as antimony ( iii ) fluoride or swart 's reagent , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is sbf . it has antimony and fluoride ions in it . the antimony is in its +3 oxidation state .
angela michelle " angie " harmon ( born august 10 , 1972 ) is a fashion model and actress . she appeared on the covers of " elle " and " esquire " magazines . harmon also acted in television series including " rizzoli & isles " , " law & order " and " baywatch " .
lodano is a village and former municipality of the district of vallemaggia in the canton of ticino in switzerland.on 4 april 2004 the former municipalities of aurigeno , coglio , giumaglio , lodano , moghegno and someo merged into the municipality of maggia .
lecompton ( pronounced ) is a city in douglas county , kansas , united states . in 2010 , there were 625 people there . lecompton had a big historical role in pre-civil war america as the territorial capital of kansas from 1855 to 1861 . this time period was known as bleeding kansas .
eden riegel ( born january 1 , 1981 ) is an american actress . she acts mostly in television programs . she played bianca montgomery in the abc soap opera " all my children " . she played heather in " the young and the restless " . riegel was born in washington , d.c .
kodakara is a city in thrissur district of kerala state in south india . the total population of this town is 27,948 . it is located on national highway ( nh 544 ) . it is 20 km south of thrissur town and about 10 km north of chalakudy .
apolinario mabini ( july 23 , 1864 — may 13 , 1903 ) was a philippine resistance activist , lawyer , and journalist . he was the prime minister and foreign minister of the provisional revolution government of the philippines ( 1898 ) . he was the first chairman of the philippine supreme court ( 1898 - 1899 ) .
super paper mario ( also known as paper mario 3 ) is a wii role playing game released in 2007 . it is the third game for the " paper mario " series to be released on platform . the game was going to be released for the gamecube , like ) , but was instead released for the wii .
ilmajoki ( ) is a municipality in southern ostrobothnia , finland . there were about 12,090 people living there on january 31 , 2014 . it is next to the municipalities of isokyrö , jalasjärvi , kurikka , laihia and seinäjoki . most of the people speak finnish .
hurricane hortense cut across haiti , the dominican republic and puerto rico in september of 1996 . the storm took next to 40 lives and did $ 139 million in damage . the storm also affected portions of eastern canada , striking southeastern nova scotia as a category 1 hurricane . the name hortense was later retired .
villorsonnens is a municipality of the district glâne in the canton of fribourg in switzerland . the municipality was created in 2001 when the municipalities of chavannes - sous - orsonnens , orsonnens , villargiroud and villarsiviriaux joined together and became one new municipality .
james barnes wyngaarden ( october 19 , 1924 – june 14 , 2019 ) was an american physician , researcher and academic administrator . he was director of national institutes of health between 1982 and 1989 during the ronald reagan administration.wyngaarden was a member of the royal swedish academy of sciences and the national academy of sciences .
amores con trampa , is a mexican telenovela produced by emilio larrosa for televisa . it is the remake of the telenovela " somos los carmona " produced in 2013 . the production of the telenovela began in november 2014 . itatí cantoral , ernesto laguardia and eduardo yáñez star as the protagonists .
the delta iv is a rocket made to launch satellites . it has many different types including medium , medium + , and heavy for many different types of satellites orbiting at many different altitudes above the earth . the delta iv launches at cape canaveral air force station in florida and at vandenberg air force base in california .
robert renfroe " bob " riley ( born october 3 , 1944 ) is an american politician . he is a member of the republican party . he was the 52nd governor of alabama from 2003 until 2011 . he was first elected to office in 2002 and re-elected in 2006 . riley was born in ashland .
michael charles " mike " phillips ( march 24 , 1956 – april 25 , 2015 ) was an american basketball player . he played for teams such as kentucky wildcats and fc barcelona between the 1970s and 1990 . phillips was born in akron , ohio . he died after a fall at his home in madisonville , kentucky , aged 59 .
brixton is a village near plymouth in england . it is on the a379 plymouth to kingsbridge road and is about from plymouth . in 2011 , its population is 1.252 . it has views of the river yealm . the church is 15th century , with a tower arch 200 years older .
sir solomon dias abeywickrema jayatilleke senewiratna rajakumaruna kadukeralu bandaranaike kcmg , maha mudaliyar , jp ( ; 22 may 1862 - 31 july 1946 ) was the chief representative and adviser to the governor of ceylon , the monarch 's representative in colonial ceylon .
abies nordmanniana , the nordmann fir or caucasian fir , is a fir tree . it grows in the mountains south and east of the black sea , in turkey , georgia and the russian caucasus . it occurs at altitudes of 900 – 2,200 m on mountains with a rainfall of over 1,000 mm .
the diante do trono is a brazilian christian pop rock band from belo horizonte , minas gerais , brazil . the band was formed in 1997 in the lagoinha church and is known as the main worship ministry in latin america . the band has sold over 15 million albums and is led by ana paula valadão .
graduation is the confirmation of the finishing of an academy . graduation is celebrated in a ceremony done at the day of that confirmation ; the name of that ceremony is usually the degree day . this is also called commencement , invocation , or convocation.graduation also means the moving of a student from one grade to another higher grade .
sutz - lattrigen is a municipality in the administrative district of biel / bienne in the canton of berne in switzerland.it is on the southern shore of lake biel.it is home to a number of neolithic and bronze age lake shore archeological sites , including one that is part of a unesco world heritage site .
the orthodox presbyterian church ( opc ) is a confessional presbyterian denomination located primarily in the northern united states . it was founded by conservative members of the presbyterian church in the united states of america ( pcusa ) who strongly objected to the modernist theology during the 1930s . it has had an influence on evangelicalism far beyond its size .
23rd street is a station on the bmt broadway line of the new york city subway . located at the intersection of 23rd street , fifth avenue and broadway in flatiron district , manhattan . it is served by the r and w trains.after this station , the next stations will be 28th street and 14th street union square .
cagliari ( ; ) is a province in the autonomous island region of sardinia in italy . its capital is the city of cagliari.it is the largest province of sardinia with an area of . it has a total population of 551,077 ( 2012 ) and a population density of inhabitants / km ² .
ahmed jibril ( born 1938 ) is the founder and co-leader of the popular front for the liberation of palestine - general command ( pflp - gc ) . he founded it in 1968 . his son jihad ahmed jibril was to take over , but was killed by a car bomb in beirut in 2002 .
sergio leone ( 3 january 1929 - 30 april 1989 ) was an italian movie director . he is well known for his spaghetti western films ; particularly his " dollars " trilogy ( also known as " the man with no name " trilogy ) starring american actor , clint eastwood.leone was born in rome and died there of a heart attack .
larry buendorf ( born november 18 , 1937 ) is an american security official . he is the chief security officer of the united states olympic committee . he is a former united states navy aviator and secret service agent.buendorf is best known for his successful intervention during an assassination attempt on then united states president gerald ford in 1975 .
david john bartlett ( born 19 january 1968 ) was the 43rd premier of tasmania . he became premier on 26 may 2008 . he is from the labor party.bartlett resigned , for family reasons on 24 january 2011 , and was replaced as premier by lara giddings . she is also the treasurer and minister of the arts .
oshkosh is a city in winnebago county , wisconsin , united states . it is located where the fox river enters lake winnebago from the west . the population was 66,083 at the 2010 census . the city is located adjacent to and partially within the town of oshkosh .
pica is a city in chile , in the province of tamarugal , tarapacá . it is in an oasis in the middle of the atacama desert . pica is famous for its small and unusually acidic lemons . it has an average temperature of 40 ° c . pica has 6,178 inhabitants .
the university of toledo is a public university in toledo , ohio.the university of toledo 's athletic team 's are called the " rockets " and there are 15 varsity teams including : football , basketball , distance running as well as others . their rival is the " bowling green falcons " and they fight over the " peace pipe " trophy .
dru katrina sjodin ( september 26 , 1981 – november 22 , 2003 ) was an american murder victim . she was kidnapped from the columbia mall parking lot in grand forks , north dakota by alfonso rodriguez jr on november 22 , 2003 . her kidnapping and murder caused the creation of the dru sjodin national sex offender public registry .
keiunta denard span ( born february 27 , 1984 ) is an american professional baseball player for the tampa bay rays . he is an outfielder . he has also played for the minnesota twins , washington nationals , and the san francisco giants.span bats and throws left - handed . he is also one of the top defensive players .
saint - laurent - du - maroni is a commune and subprefecture of the french guiana , an overseas region and department of france that is in northern south america.saint - laurent - du - maroni is a border town in northwest french guiana . it is the second most populous city of french guiana , after cayenne .
a pheromone is a scent given off by some animals . the scent causes a social response in members of the same species.there are many types of pheromone , such as : all pheromones work by inherited instinct , not by learning . they occur in most animals , but are especially obvious in insects .
" early winter " is a song by american singer and songwriter gwen stefani from her second solo studio album , " the sweet escape " ( 2006 ) . written by stefani and english pianist tim rice - oxley , the song was released in europe as the album 's fifth and final single on january 18 , 2008 by interscope records .
john young brown jr. ( born december 28 , 1933 ) is an american politician , entrepreneur , and businessman from the u.s. state of kentucky . he served as the 55th governor of kentucky from 1979 to 1983 , although he may be best known for building kentucky fried chicken ( kfc ) into a multimillion - dollar restaurant chain .
gianni morandi ( ; born 11 december 1944 ) is an italian pop singer , actor and entertainer . he was born in monghidoro , emilia - romagna . in 1970 , he represented italy at the eurovision song contest with " occhi di ragazza " . it is estimated that morandi has sold 50 million recordings .
this is a list of women executed in the united states since 1976 . since 1976 , when the supreme court lifted the moratorium on capital punishment in " gregg v. georgia " , sixteen women have been executed in the united states . women represent just 1.07 % of the 1,492 executions performed in the united states since 1976 .
eliza bennett ( born 17 march 1992 ) is an english actress and singer . she has acted in many movies and television programs . she played tora in " nanny mcphee " in 2005 . she also starred as meggie folchart in the movie " inkheart " . bennett was born in reading , berkshire in england .
barbara billingsley ( december 22 , 1915 – october 16 , 2010 ) was an american movie , television , stage , and voice actor . she played june cleaver on the television series " leave it to beaver " ( 1957 – 1963 ) . she played the same character in the sequel series " still the beaver " ( 1985 – 1988 ) .
cheesy lee hawkes ( born 22 september 1971 ) is an english singer , musician and actor . he was born in windsor , berkshire . he had a hit record " the one and only " . it was number 1 for five weeks in 1991 . he starred in the movie buddy 's song along with roger daltrey .
myo cheong ( hangul : 묘청 , hanja : 妙淸 , ? - 1135 ) was a korean buddhist monk , politician , and philosopher during the goryeo dynasty . his other name was jungshim.myo cheong was from pyongyang . although he was a buddhist , he performed divination and prophecy .
yair auron , hebrew : יאיר אורון , ( born april 30 , 1945 ) is an israeli historian , scholar and expert specializing on holocaust and genocide studies , racism and contemporary jewry . since 2005 he is the head of the department of sociology , political science and communication , the open university of israel , associate professor .
sterling knight ( born march 5 , 1989 ) in houston , texas . is an american actor , and singer . he is in " sonny with a chance " as chad dylan cooper . he also in plays christopher wilde in " starstruck " . he will be playing ty parker in the upcoming movie " elle : a modern cinderella tale " .
the nagtglas 's african dormouse ( " graphiurus nagtglasii " ) is a species of rodent in the gliridae family . it is found in cameroon , central african republic , ghana , liberia , nigeria , sierra leone and sometimes in gabon . its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
geoffrey dyson palmer , obe ( born 4 june 1927 ) is an english actor . he is known for his roles in british television sitcoms . palmer played jimmy anderson in " the fall and rise of reginald perrin " , ben parkinson in " butterflies " and lionel hardcastle in " as time goes by " . palmer was born in london , england .
sanna viktoria nielsen ( born 27 november 1984 ) is a swedish singer . she has participated in melodifestivalen seven times between 2001 and 2014 . her seventh try was in melodifestivalen 2014 with the song " undo " . the song won and represented sweden in the eurovision song contest 2014 in copenhagen , denmark .
oecusse is a special administrative region of east timor . the capital is pante macassar . oecusse is separated from the rest of east timor by west timor.the province of nusa tenggara timur , indonesia surrounds oecusse in all directions except the north , where it borders the savu sea .
this is a list of world heritage sites in france that are in unesco 's world heritage list . currently , thirty - seven properties in france are on the world heritage list . thirty - three of these are cultural properties , three are natural properties , and one is mixed . the first was added to the list in 1979 and the latest in 2011 .
chlamydiae is a bacterial phylum and class whose members are obligate intracellular pathogens.all known chlamydiae only grow by infecting eukaryotic host cells . they are as small or smaller than many viruses . most intracellular chlamydiae are located in an inclusion body or vacuole .
a satellite state is an officially independent country that is strongly influenced or controlled by another country . examples of satellite states include vichy france and manchukuo . both were satellite states during world war ii . sometimes the warsaw pact countries were called satellite states , but they had more freedom than most satellite states . belarus is currently a satellite state of russia .
the casa c - 212 aviocar is a spanish twin - turboprop aircraft . designed and built as a cargo aircraft , it is also a light airliner . it is used both by civilians and militaries . us air force use some as c - 41 to support special forces . some variants are built for reconnaissance and maritime patrol .
andrzej wojciech suski ( born 24 december 1941 ) is a retired polish roman catholic bishop . he became a priest in 1965 . he served as auxiliary bishop of płock from 1986 to 1992 . after this , he became the bishop of toruń . he retired in november 2017 . he was born in płock .
vaumarcus was a municipality in the district of boudry , in the canton of neuchâtel in switzerland . on 1 january 2018 the former municipalities of bevaix , saint - aubin - sauges , gorgier , vaumarcus , montalchez and fresens joined together and became the new municipality of la grande - béroche .
sir john elliot ( 6 may 1898 – 18 september 1988 ) was a british transport and railway manager . born john elliot blumenfeld , he was the son of the " daily mail " news editor r. d. blumenfeld ( who later became managing editor of the " daily express " . ) he changed his name to john elliot in march 1923 .
the margin of error is a way to measure the sampling error in the results of a statistical survey . a bigger margin of error means that the results are less certain . margins of error occur when a population is incompletely sampled . usually , the margin of error is defined as the radius ( half the width ) of a confidence interval for a given sample .
andry nirina rajoelina ( malagasy : ; born 30 may 1974 ) is a malagasy politician and businessman . he is the 6th and current president of madagascar since january 2019 . he was the mayor of antananarivo from december 2007 to february 2009 , and president of the high transitional authority of madagascar from 21 march 2009 to 25 january 2014 .
mysticism is the belief that people can " directly " experience god or true reality , rather than through books , ritual or other people . people who practice this are called " mystics " . mystics exist within most religions , though not all people who practice religions are mystics . mystics may experience visions or dreams , or hear god as a voice .
rascal flatts is a country music band from columbus , ohio . they became a band in 1999 and released their debut album " rascal flatts " in 2000 . they are signed to lyric street records and have won many cmt and acm awards.their newest album is " unstoppable " , which came to stores in 2009 .
the phrase roaring twenties describes the 1920s , a time in north america when art , society , and culture were rapidly changing . the term ' roaring ' applies here , as art , society and culture were rapidly improving and therefore ' roaring ' . prohibition was in place and so north america was a very ' wise ' and ' clean - cut ' place to be .
kate milligan evans edger ( january 6 , 1857 to may 6 , 1935 ) was the first woman in new zealand to get a university degree and the first woman in the british empire to get a bachelor of arts degree.edger 's family moved from england to new zealand in 1862 . on 11 july 1877 , she graduated from the university of new zealand .
misery is a song by american band maroon 5 . it was released on june 22 , 2010 by a & m / octone records via the itunes store . the song was released in advance of the band 's mid-2010 tour , and is the first single from their third studio album , hands all over , which was released on september 21 , 2010 .
herbert benjamin edwardes kcb , kcsi ( 1819 - 1868 ) was an english administrator , soldier and statesman of british india . he served mostly in the punjab and the punjab frontier ( later renamed the north - west frontier province , and today the khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan ) . his name lives on there in the edwardes college , peshawar .
a.c. moore is an arts and crafts retail chain with 135 stores in the eastern united states . its corporate headquarters are located in berlin , new jersey . a.c. moore sells a variety of arts and crafts products . a.c. moore was founded by jack parker in 1985 in moorestown , new jersey . it opened in 1997 .
carlo caffarra ( 1 june 1938 – 6 september 2017 ) was an italian cardinal and roman catholic archbishop of bologna . he was created cardinal in the consistory of 24 march 2006 by pope benedict xvi . he was born in busseto , italy.caffarra died on 6 september 2017 in bologna , italy of brain cancer at the age of 79 .
jacob tremblay ( ; born october 5 , 2006 ) is a canadian child actor . his breakout performance was his starring role as jack newsome in " room " ( 2015 ) . he went on to play august pullman in the drama " wonder " ( 2017 ) . in 2019 , he starred as max in the adult comedy " good boys " .
the flag of sudan ( ) was adopted on 20 may 1970 . it has a horizontal red - white - black tricolour , with a green triangle at the hoist.the flag is based on the arab liberation flag received by egypt , iraq , syria , and yemen , that uses a subset of the pan-arab colours in which green is less significant .
andrés muschietti ( ; ; born 26 august 1973 ) , usually credited as andy muschietti , is an argentine movie director and screenwriter . he is best known for directing the 2013 horror movie " mama " and the " it " duology starting with " it : chapter one " ( 2017 ) and the 2019 sequel " it : chapter two " .
osama bin laden , the founder and first leader of the islamist group al - qaeda , was killed in pakistan on may 2 , 2011 shortly after 1:00 am pkt ( 20:00 utc , may 1 ) by united states navy seals of the u.s . naval special warfare development group ( also known as devgru or seal team six ) .
tom adams ( 9 march 1938 - 11 december 2014 ) was an english actor . adams was known for his roles as dai nimmo in " the great escape " and as commander vorshak in " doctor who " . adams died on 11 december 2014 at the age of 76 at wexham park hospital in slough , berkshire from cancer of unknown primary origin .
priscilla barnes ( born december 7 , 1955 in fort dix , new jersey ) is an american actress . she has been in many movies and in television programs . she starred in the sitcom " three 's company " and the movies " mallrats " and " licence to kill " . some sources give 1955 as her birth date , while others say 1958 .
alcide moodie lanoue ( born november 2 , 1934 ) is an american orthopedic surgeon and retired lieutenant general in the u.s. army . he served as the 38th surgeon general of the united states army from 1992 to 1996 . he attended harvard university and yale university school of medicine . he was born in tonawanda , new york .
kathryn dawn lang , better known as k.d . lang ( born november 2 , 1961 ) , is a canadian country and pop singer - songwriter and guitarist . her best known hit is " constant craving " . she has contributed songs to many movie soundtracks.lang was born in edmonton , alberta . she is openly lesbian and is an activist for lgbt rights .
wallace michael shawn ( b . 12 november 1943 ) is an american actor , voice actor , playwright and essayist . he is best known as the voice of rex in the " toy story " series , calico in " " , vizzini in " the princess bride " , and voice of taotie in " " . shawn is from new york city .
leendert " leen " verbeek ( born march 5 , 1954 in leiderdorp ) is a dutch politician of the labour party ( pvda ) . he has been king 's commissioner of flevoland since 2008 . from 1990 to 1994 he was an alderman of houten , and from 2003 to 2008 mayor of purmerend .
the yukon river is a river in northwestern north america . it starts in british columbia , continues through the yukon territory , and ends in alaska . it empties into the bering sea . it is the longest river in alaska and the yukon . it was one of the main ways that people travelled during the 1896 – 1903 klondike gold rush .
vodafone mclaren mercedes ( mclaren racing limited ) is a formula 1 racing team . mclaren was started by bruce mclaren in 1963 . mclaren 's current drivers are jenson button and fernando alonso . jenson button was the 2009 world champion.mclaren also make some other cars at its woking factory , like the mercedes mclaren slr supercar .
benedicta boccoli ( born in milan , 11 november 1966 ) is an italian actress . she performs mostly on stage.she starred also in movies including " gli angeli di borsellino " ( 2003 ) , " valzer " ( 2007 ) and " pietralata " ( 2008 ) . her sister is actress brigitta boccoli .
the italian male volleyball league is the league that governs professional men 's volleyball in italy . it is structured with several levels of importance ; the highest of them is the " superlega " ( formerly " serie a1 " ) . since early 1980s , many among the best volleyball players in the world play in superlega and the level of competition is considerably high .
a container garden or pot garden is a garden that is in containers instead of in the ground.a container in gardening may be of various sizes . it may or may not be easily portable . and is used for showing live flowers or plants . it may take the form of a pot , flower box , tub , pot , basket , tin , barrel or hanging basket .
madison parish ( french : " paroisse de madison " ) is a parish located on the northeastern border of the u.s. state of louisiana . it is in the delta lowlands along the mississippi river . as of the 2010 census , the population was 12,093 . its parish seat is tallulah . the parish was formed in 1839 .
in late - december 2016 , 58 people died from mass methanol poisoning in irkutsk , russia . it was caused by people drinking cheap counterfeit alcohol that was actually supposed to be used as a bath lotion . the counterfeit was called " boyaryshnik " ( боярышник ; russian for " hawthorn " ) .
bimetal means two different metals joined together . instead of being a mix of two or more metals , like alloys , bimetallic objects are made of layers of different metals.bimetallic strips move when they are heated up . they are the most common bimetallic objects . they are often used in electric kettles as a temperature switch .
british columbia " ( fr : colombie - britannique ) " is the westernmost province in canada . it was originally two separate colonies of great britain , the colony of vancouver island , and the colony of british columbia . british columbia joined the canadian confederation in 1871 . the capital of british columbia is victoria , but the city with the most people is vancouver .
günther maleuda ( 20 january 1931 – 18 july 2012 ) was an east german politician . from 1989 to 1990 he was the president of the people 's chamber ( east german parliament ) . in 1994 he was elected as a ( non-party ) member of the bundestag ( german parliament ) on the pds list . he stayed a member until 1998 .
raymond s. " jerry " apodaca ( born october 3 , 1934 ) is an american politician . he served as the 24th governor of new mexico from 1975 through 1979 . apodaca graduated from the university of new mexico in 1956 with a bachelor of science degree , he was a member of the phi delta theta fraternity . apodaca would later enter the insurance business .
shwikar ibrahim ( ) ( 04 may 1935 – 14 august 2020 ) was an egyptian actress . she started her career in alexandria in some tragedic roles . she was born in alexandria . her best known role was as negma in the 1976 western movie " viva zalata " . shwikar died on 14 august 2020 in cairo , aged 81 .
the lamborghini huracán is a sports car built by lamborghini . it replaced the lamborghini gallardo . it has been produced from 2014 to present . the name " huracán " comes from the spanish language . it means hurricane . huracán was also the name of a brave fighting bull . and the mayan god of wind , storm and fire .
saraya - jade bevis ( born 17 august 1992 ) is an english professional wrestler currently she works for the wwe where she competes under the ring name paige . she is a two - time wwe divas champion and one - time nxt women 's champion . she is also known under the ring name britani knight , which she used while performing on the independent circuit .
crystal palace football club ( crystal palace ) is an english football club . it is based in south norwood in the london borough of croydon . the club was founded in 1905 . the home stadium of the club is selhurst park.crystal palace has played in the premier league since 2013 . they were runners - up in the fa cup in 1990 and 2016 .
the hessischer rundfunk ( hr ) is a german television and radio broadcasting company based in frankfurt am main in the state of hesse.hr is a member of the group of german public - broadcasting institutions that makes up ard.the hr produces the regional television service " hr fernsehen " ( which used to be called hr fernsehen ) and six regional radio channels .
jorge zavala baquerizo ( 13 may 1921 – 9 may 2014 ) was an ecuadorian politician . he served as the vice president of ecuador from 1968 to 1970 under the josé maría velasco ibarra administration . he was a member of the ecuadorian radical liberal party.zavala died in guayaquil , ecuador from natural causes , aged 92 .
giorgia meloni ( born 15 january 1977 ) is an italian politician and journalist , president of brothers of italy since 2014 . meloni was minister of youth from 2008 to 2011 . member of the chamber of deputies since 2006 . in 2019 she became a singer , her first single is “ io sono giorgia ( genitore 1 , genitore 2 ) ”
ahmed osman ( arabic : أحمد عصمان ; born january 3 , 1930 ) is a moroccan politician . he was the prime minister of morocco between november 2 , 1972 , and march 22 , 1979 . osman was married to princess lalla nuzha of morocco since 1964 to 1977 , a sister of king hassan ii . he is also founder of the national rally of independents .
princeton is a canadian district municipality in british columbia , canada . princeton is in the similkameen region of british columbia . the population of princeton as of 2006 is 2,677 . the current mayor of princeton is randy mclean . princeton is also known for it 's castle , which is on the outskirts of princeton . the castle is now a resort .
avant - garde ( pronounced ) in french means " front guard " , " advance guard " , or " vanguard " . the term is commonly used in french , english , and german for people or works that are experimental or innovative , particularly in the areas of art , culture , and politics.avant - garde represents a going against what is accepted as the norm , especially in culture .
the division of berowra is an australian electoral division in new south wales . it was created in 1969 and is named for the suburb of berowra . it includes all or parts of the suburbs of arcadia , berowra , brooklyn , cheltenham , cherrybrook , cowan , dangar island , galston , glenorie , maroota , hornsby and pennant hills .
ahmed salah mohammed hosny hassan ( born 11 july 1979 ) is a footballer from egypt . he played for vfb stuttgart and the egypt national football team . he then turned to art and worked with amr diab and mohamed hamaki . he composed songs in their music albums . he also played a role in the egyptian series " sharbat looz " .
richard ii ( † 1026 ) , called the good ( french : " le bon " ) , was the duke of normandy from 996 to 1026 . he was the first to assume the title of duke and built up his court to resemble that of a king . he commissioned dudo of saint - quentin to write a detailed history of the norman dukes showing their and christian patronage .
kfum örebro is an ymca association in the town of örebro in sweden . it was established in 1890 . in 1990 the club won the swedish women 's juniors national volleyball championship . between 1996 and 2001 the club won the swedish national women 's volleyball championship during six seasons in a row.the men 's floorball team played in the swedish top division during the 1990s .
tumby bay is a coastal town on the spencer gulf , on the eastern coast of eyre peninsula in south australia . it is north of port lincoln . the town of tumby bay is the major population centre of the district council of tumby bay . it is the centre of an agricultural district farming cereal crops and sheep . it also has fishing and tourism industries .
ronald vaughan joyce , c.m . ( october 19 , 1930 – january 31 , 2019 ) was a canadian entrepreneur and billionaire . he co-founded the tim hortons doughnut chain as tim horton 's partner . he helped create tim horton children 's camps and the tim horton children 's foundation . he was named a member of the order of canada in 1992 .
a plasma lamp is a type of gas discharge lamp that is filled with different gases . it uses dielectric barrier discharge , which is also known as plasma discharge . nikola tesla invented it to study the properties of plasma , in 1892 . he obtained a patent in 1894 . tesla called the lamp inert gas discharge tube.plasma globe lamps were popular in the 1980s .
rock springs is an american city in the state of wyoming . it is in sweetwater county . the city has about 18,708 people . the current mayor of rock springs is carl demshar . on september 2 , 1885 , a riot between the chinese immigrant miners and white immigrant miners killed at least 26 people and it was caused because of racial tensions and labor dispute .
matt blunt ( born november 20 , 1970 ) is an american politician . he was the governor of missouri from 2005 to 2009 . he is a member of the u.s. republican party.blunt was born on november 20 , 1970 in greene county , missouri . he graduated from the united states naval academy . he is married to melanie blunt . they have two children .
pasquale j . " pat " d'amuro is an american television analyst and former intelligence agent . he is an expert on terrorism . d'amuro is a former director of fbi in new york . he worked for the fbi for 26 years . after the fbi , he went to work for giuliani security & safety , a new york security consulting company .
the central australian aboriginal media association ( caama ) is an australian organisation that supports aboriginal music and culture . it was created as a public radio station in 1980 , and started broadcasting in alice springs in 1988 . caama now operates several companies in the communications , music , film and radio industries . caama productions is currently the largest indigenous production studio in australia.the caama group includes :
dangriga , formerly known as stann creek town , is a town in southern belize . it is on the caribbean coast at the mouth of stann creek . it is the capital of belize 's stann creek district and also the largest town in southern belize . it is served by the dangriga airport.dangriga is a garífuna word meaning " standing waters " .
the first inauguration of george washington as the president of the united states took place on april 30 , 1789 . the inauguration was the beginning of the first term of george washington as president . john adams had already taken office as vice president on april 21 . washington was sworn in by chancellor of new york robert livingston.washington became the first president of the united states following the ratification of the constitution .
ball lightning is a glowing ball of lightning that sometimes appears in a thunderstorm , but usually lasts much longer than lightning . scientists do not understand ball lightning very well , and some even do not think ball lightning is real , because it is so strange . however , it has been widely reported in weather journals by many trustworthy people . so , it is very possible that it is real .
the saturn relay was a minivan that was built by general motor 's saturn brand . the relay was made by the saturn corporation from 2005 to 2007 . the relay was the first and only minivan made by the saturn company . the relay is also the only saturn vehicle that was a badge engineered vehicle . due to poor sales the relay was replaced by the saturn outlook in 2006 .
wild at heart is a 1990 american crime thriller movie . it is about a young couple from cape fear , north carolina who go on the run . nicolas cage plays sailor , laura dern plays lula fortune , diane ladd plays marietta , isabella rossellini plays perdita.this movie was released on august 17 , 1990 . it got mostly good reviews by the critics .
syed iftikhar ul hassan ( ; 2 february 1942 – 2 august 2020 ) was a pakistani politician . he was a member of the national assembly of pakistan from august 2018 until his death . he was a member of the national assembly from june 2013 to may 2018 . he was a member of the pakistan muslim league ( n ) . hassan died on 2 august 2020 at the age of 78 .
marco vicario ( born 20 september 1925 ) is an italian movie actor , screenwriter , movie producer and director . he appeared in 23 movies between 1950 and 1958 . he is known for his roles in " 7 uomini d'oro " ( 1965 ) , " il grande colpo dei 7 uomini d'oro " ( 1966 ) and " wifemistress " ( 1977 ) .
winnebago county is a county in the u.s. state of illinois . according to the 2010 census , it had a population of 295,266 , making it the seventh most populous county in illinois after cook county . its county seat is rockford.winnebago county was founded on january 16 , 1836 and named for the winnebago tribe of american indians .
lonesome george ( c. 1910 – june 24 , 2012 ) was a male pinta island tortoise ( " chelonoidis nigra abingdonii " ) and the last known individual of the subspecies . in his last years , he was known as the rarest creature in the world . george served as a potent symbol for conservation efforts in the galápagos islands and throughout the world .
siġġiewi ( , ) , also called by its title città ferdinand , is a city and a local council in the southern region of malta . it is the third largest council in malta after rabat and mellieħa respectively . it is near mdina , the ancient capital city of malta , and away from valletta . it is the home of 8367 inhabitants as of march 2014 .
mark dayton ( born january 26 , 1947 ) is an american politician . he was the 40th governor of minnesota from 2011 to 2019 . he was the united states senator from minnesota 2001 to 2007 . he is a member of the democratic - farmer - labor party . he ran for governor in 1998 , but lost the nomination to skip humphrey.in january 2017 , dayton was diagnosed with prostate cancer .
john richard schneider ( born april 8 , 1960 ) is an american actor , screenwriter , producer , director and country music singer . he is best known for his role as beauregard " bo " duke in the american television action / comedy series " the dukes of hazzard " and as jonathan kent in the tv series " smallville " . he was born in mount kisco , new york .
claudio báez ( 23 march 1948 – 19 november 2017 ) was a mexican television actor . he was born in guadalajara jalisco , mexico . he was known for the television series " mundo de fieras " ( 2006 ) , " a shelter for love " ( 2012 ) and " el privilegio de amar " ( 1998 ) . báez died on 19 november 2017 at the age of 69 .
haute - ajoie is a municipality in the district of porrentruy in the canton of jura in switzerland.on 1 january 2009 the former municipalities of chevenez , damvant , réclère and roche - d'or merged into the new municipality of haute - ajoie . on 1 january 2018 the former municipality of rocourt merged into the municipality of haute - ajoie .
the merchandise mart ( or the merch mart , or the mart ) is a commercial building located in the near north side of chicago , illinois , united states . when it opened in 1930 it was the largest building in the world , with of floor space . the building was once owned by the kennedy family . at a brief point , the building was so large , it had its own zip code .
a bier is a flat frame , traditionally wooden but sometimes made of other materials , used to carry a corpse for burial in a funeral procession . in antiquity it was often simply a wooden board on which the dead was placed covered with a . in modern times , however , the corpse is almost never carried on the bier without being first placed in a coffin , though the coffin is sometimes kept open .
a resistance movement is an organized movement by some portion of the civil population of a country to fight against an occupying power and to cause civil disorder . sometimes they could be a nonviolent resistance ( sometimes called civil resistance ) , or the use of force.in many cases , as for example in norway in the second world war , a resistance movement may have had both violent and non-violent methods .
ruy alexandre guerra coelho pereira ( born august 22 , 1931 ) is a portuguese - brazilian movie director and screenwriter . he was born in maputo , portuguese mozambique . he directed his first movie " os cafajestes " in 1962 . in 1964 , guerra directed " os fuzis " and was entered into the the 14th berlin international film festival where it won the silver bear extraordinary jury prize .
the 2 live crew were a hip hop group from miami , florida . the group became known for obscenity , dirty rap lyrics and serious controversy . the group were established in 1985 . they officially broke up in 1998 . the studio album " as nasty as they wan na be " caused major uproars . certain songs from that album , in particular , were very sexual with their lyrics .
salva kiir mayardit ( born 13 september 1951 ) is a south sudanese politician who has been president of south sudan since its independence in 2011 . prior to independence , he was president of the government of southern sudan , as well as first vice president of sudan , from 2005 to 2011 . mayardit was born on september 13 , 1951 in bahr el ghazal , anglo - egyptian sudan .
kathleen marie " kathy " ireland ( born march 20 , 1963 in glendale , california ) is an american fashion model , actress and businesswoman . she has been featured in " sports illustrated " swimsuit issue thirteen times and been on the cover three times . she also acted in several movies and television programs . her licensing company , kathy ireland worldwide , is responsible for most of her approximately $ 420 million wealth .
continental drift is a historical , scientific theory . the theory was first proposed by abraham ortelius in 1596 . it was fully developed by the german geologist and meteorologist alfred wegener in 1915 . the theory said that parts of the earth 's crust move slowly on top of a liquid mantle of higher density . the theory has now been included in the wider theory of plate tectonics .
awista ayub ( c. 1979 ) is an afghan writer . she formed the afghan youth sports exchange in the united states.in her novel " kabul girls soccer club " , first called " however tall the mountain " , ayub writes of eight girls brought to the us to learn soccer.the afghan youth sports exchange has grown from the first 8 young women to hundreds playing through the afghanistan football federation .
lady davina elizabeth alice benedikte windsor ( born 19 november 1977 ) is currently on the 31st in the line of succession to the british throne ( july 2020 ) . she is also known as lady davina lewis between 2004 and 2018 . she is the elder daughter of prince richard , duke of gloucester and birgitte , duchess of gloucester . she has divorced from his former husband , gary lewis .
alfonse marcello " al " d'amato ( born august 1 , 1937 ) is an american lawyer and former new york politician . he was a republican . he served as united states senator from new york from 1981 to 1999 . he later founded a lobbying firm , park strategies.since he left office in 1999 , new york has not elected another republican to the u.s. senate .
sodium sulfate , also known as glauber 's salt , is a chemical compound made of sodium and sulfate ions . it is a bitter - tasting white solid . it is made by a neutralization reaction between sodium hydroxide with sulfuric acid . the sodium ions are in the oxidation state of +1 . it is used to make detergents and paper making . its ph is neutral .
hunter andrew pence ( born april 13 , 1983 ) is an american major league baseball player . pence plays for the san francisco giants . he plays the position outfielder . he previously played for the houston astros and philadelphia phillies . pence is tall . he weighs . he bats and throws right - handed . pence was with the san francisco giants when they won the world series in 2012 .
toxicofera ( greek or latin for " those who carry toxins " ) , is a hypothetical clade of living squamata ( lizards and snakes ) . it includes about 4600 living species . this is all venomous reptile species , plus related non-venomous species.the clade was identified when research showed that the evolution of venom was very ancient , and that it might have occurred only once .
timothy collins " tim " wilson ( august 5 , 1961 – february 26 , 2014 ) was an american stand - up comedian and country musician . he released many comedy albums . he worked with capitol records in nashville . he made many appearances on the " john boy and billy " , " big d and bubba " and " bob and tom show " . wilson died from a heart attack . he was aged 52 .
a gauntlet is a protective covering that is used in some gloves and mittens . a gauntlet protects the wrists and the lower part of the forearm . gloves or mittens for motorcycle drivers , snowmobile drivers , construction workers , forestry workers , and mountain climbers often have gauntlets . the gauntlet helps to protect the wrist and forearm from cold , and from being scraped or cut if there is an accident .
rachel grace held evans ( june 8 , 1981 – may 4 , 2019 ) was an american christian columnist , blogger and author . her book , " a year of biblical womanhood " ( 2012 ) , was on " the new york times " e-book non-fiction best - seller list . she also wrote for " the washington post " and " vox " . in total , she had four books published .
joseph caroline gertude mary faith harber ( 29 june 1914 – 30 june 1990 ) , better known as lynne carol , was a welsh born ( but often described as english ) actress.she is best known for her primarily roles in television serieses and telemovies , as playing busybody martha longhurst in the soap opera " coronation street " from the second episode in 1960 until the character was killed in 1964 .
mercedes - benz c - class is a luxury car made by mercedes - benz since 1993 . it is currently in its fourth generation . the c - class is the most popular mercedes - benz . it is the main competitor of the bmw 3 series and audi a4 . the interior is made up of soft - touch leather and aluminium . it is priced in between the a-class and the e – class .
samuel peralta " sammy " sosa ( born november 12 , 1968 in san pedro de macorís , dominican republic ) is a retired dominican baseball player . sosa played for the texas rangers , chicago white sox , chicago cubs , baltimore orioles and the texas rangers during his career.sosa has also run into some controversy for steroids which he denied taking.he will become eligible for the baseball hall of fame in 2013 .
the history of the alphabet begins in ancient egypt , more than a millennium into the history of writing . the first pure alphabet emerged around 2000 bce to represent the language of semitic workers in egypt , and it was derived from the alphabetic principles of the egyptian hieroglyphs . most alphabets in the world today descend directly from this development , such as the greek and latin alphabets , or were inspired by its design .
michael p. botticelli ( born january 2 , 1958 ) is an american public official . he served as the 7th director of the white house office of national drug control policy ( ondcp ) from march 2014 until the end of president barack obama 's term in january 2017 . he was named acting director after the resignation of gil kerlikowske , and received confirmation from the united states senate in february 2015 .
meretz , hebrew : מרצ , meaning " vigour " , is an israeli political party.its ideology is left - wing social democratic , green , secular , and zionist.political leader is nitzan horowitzmeretz was founded in 1992 as a result of a merger of three parties : ratz , mapam and shinui.number of seats in the 23rd knesset : 3 ( / ) .
chemical stability refers to the resistance of a chemical to change in a chemical reaction . some chemicals , like gold , are very stable and resistant to change ; but sodium is unstable and corrodes rapidly in the presence of air . when an atom has an extra electron or a missing electron , it is unstable . when that atom loses or gains the electron , it becomes stable . stable atoms have lower energy than unstable ones .
t24 ( techno 24 , russian : " техно 24 " ) - russian scientific educational tv channel of male `s interests . it is devoted to the achievements of science in the civil and military technologies , development of engineers and designers ; it explains the newest types of weapons , space exploration , sports science , engineering and strategic sites . it is a part of the " digital tv " package of media holding vgtrk
gomillion v. lightfoot , 364 u.s. 339 ( 1960 ) , was a united states supreme court decision in which the court ruled the redrawing of the city 's electoral district boundaries to prevent blacks from voting was unconstitutional . the unanimous court held that it violated the fifteenth amendment to the united states constitution . this case was one of several that led to the passage of the voting rights act of 1965 .
the prince leopold , duke of albany ( leopold george duncan albert ; 7 april 1853 – 28 march 1884 ) was a member of the british royal family , a son of queen victoria and albert , prince consort . leopold was later created the duke of albany , earl of clarence and baron arklow . he was diagnosed with haemophilia as a baby , which later led to his death as an adult after slipping on the floor .
margaret woodrow wilson ( april 16 , 1886 – february 12 , 1944 ) was the eldest daughter of us president woodrow wilson and ellen louise axson.her two sisters were jessie and eleanor . after her mother 's death in 1914 , margaret served her father as the white house social hostess , the title later known as first lady . her father remarried in 1915 . wilson died in india from uremia ( blood poisoning ) , aged 57 .
anthony downs ( ; born november 21 , 1930 ) is an american economist . he specialized in public policy and public administration . he has been a senior fellow at the brookings institution in washington , d.c. , since 1977 . before 1977 , downs served for 18 years a member and then chairman of real estate research corporation . he also served as a senior analyst at the rand corporation and a professor at the university of chicago .
tachinidae is a family of flies . there are over 8,200 species in this family . there are about 1,300 in north america . these flies are commonly known as tachina flies or tachinids.they are found in almost all habitats all over the world . there are neotropical , nearctic , afrotropical , palaearctic , oriental , australasian and oceanic species .
ofterschwang is a municipality in oberallgäu , in bavaria , germany . it is a winter sports venue . it is often used for alpine skiing world cup events . it is found west of sonthofen , but east of the austrian border . between 1988 and 2008 ofterschwang grew by 577 people . ofterschwang was awarded the " adac tourism prize " by adac in 2010 .
bud spencer ( born carlo pedersoli ; 31 october 1929 – 27 june 2016 ) was an italian actor , filmmaker and a former professional swimmer . he was known for working on comedy movies with his longtime friend terence hill . spencer is known for his roles in " they call me trinity " , " trinity is still my name " , " crime busters " , " miami supercops " , and in " troublemakers " .
elon reeve musk ( born june 28 , 1971 ) is a businessman and philanthropist . he was born in south africa . he moved to canada became an american . musk is the current ceo & chief product architect of tesla motors , a company that makes electric vehicles . he is also the ceo of solar city , a company that makes solar panels , and the ceo & cto of spacex , an aerospace company .
franca sozzani ( 20 january 1950 – 22 december 2016 ) was an italian journalist . she was the editor - in - chief of " vogue italia " from 1988 until her death in 2016 . she was born in mantua . her son , francesco carrozzini ( born 1982 ) , is a director and photographer.sozzani died after a long illness on 22 december 2016 in milan . she was 66 .
carlos ruiz zafón ( ; 25 september 1964 – 19 june 2020 ) was a spanish novelist . he was best known for his 2001 novel " la sombra del viento " ( " the shadow of the wind " ) . his next novel was published in english in july 2012 as " the prisoner of heaven " . on 19 june 2020 , zafón died of colorectal cancer , in santa monica , california at the age of 55 .
ralph herrick andrews ( december 17 , 1927 – october 16 , 2015 ) was an american television producer . he was best known for producing the hit 1960s game show " you do n't say ! " , the 1970s game show " celebrity sweepstakes " , and the original 1987 version of " lingo " . on october 16 , 2015 , andrews died of alzheimer 's disease in ventura , california at the age of 87 .
ambulocetus ( " walking whale " ) was an early amphibious cetacean . it could walk as well as swim . " ambulocetus natans " lived from the early eocene ( 50 to 48 million years ago ) . its fossils have been found in pakistan . when the animal was alive , pakistan was a coastal region of india , which was then a large island in the indian ocean .
jimmy carr ( born 15 september 1972 ) is an english - irish comedian . he is the presenter of " 8 out of 10 cats " on channel 4 and has presented other tv shows on the same channel . he travels around the country and performs a lot of comedy on - stage ( stand - up comedy ) . he is one of the uk 's most successful comedians.he has released 6 dvds . he has won awards .
blackletter or gothic script is an old way to write . blackletter in writing or print was used in western europe from about 1150 to the 17th century . it was used for printing in germany until the 20th century.letter shapes in printing were copied from letter shapes in a style of handwriting . so , the gothic script of northern europe and the latin script used in italy were both copied into print typography .
marianne is a female given name . it is the french form of mariamne , which in turn is a version of mary . in the late greek , marianna was used . in 18th century france , " marianne " became a popular version of the name marian . people named " mariannne " include singer marianne faithfull . fictional characters with the name include marianne dashwood in the book " sense and sensibility " .
su - 24 fencer is a russian supersonic attack aircraft . it was first entered the service in 1974 in the soviet union . it has variable - sweep wing . it has two engines . it has two seates . it is still active in russian air force . some other countries have also this airplane . this fighter is active in these countries : russia , ukraine , iran , algeria , kazakhstan , syria , azerbaijan .
maranhão is one of the states of brazil . it is in the northeastern region of the country . to the north is the coast of the atlantic ocean . maranhão shares borders with piauí , tocantins and pará.major cities in the state besides the state capital são luís are imperatriz , timon , and caxias . the alcantara spaceport is in the north of the state , not far from são luís .
sarah virginia wade obe ( born 10 july 1945 ) is a british tennis player turned commentator . she was born in bournemouth , hampshire . she turned pro in 1968 . she won the us open in 1968 , the australian open in 1972 and wimbledon in 1977 . she retired in 1986 . since 1981 , she has been a commentator for the bbc . as of 2013 , she is the last british woman to win a major tennis tournament .
plate tectonics is a theory of geology . it explains movement of the earth 's lithosphere : this is the earth 's crust and the upper part of the mantle . the lithosphere is divided into plates , some of which are very large and can be entire continents.heat from the mantle is the source of energy driving plate tectonics . exactly how this works is still a matter of debate .
reputation is the sixth studio album by american singer - songwriter taylor swift . it is her first studio album in nearly three years , after " 1989 " in 2014 . the first single , " look what you made me do " , was released on august 25 , 2017 , along with the pre-order of " reputation " . target corporation released the album along with two versions of a magazine : a volume 1 bundle and a volume 2 bundle .
the covid - 19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached the republic of the congo in march 2020 . the country 's first case was announced on 14 march , a 50 - year - old man who returned to the republic of the congo from paris , france . two more cases were detected on 19 march . as of 31 march , there were 19 cases in republic of the congo.the country reported its first two deaths on 31 march .
conus beatrix is a species of sea snail . it is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family conidae ( the cone snails and their allies ) . like all species within the genus " conus " , these snails are predatory and poisonous . they are capable of " stinging " humans , so live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.it is feared by most other aquatic snails , because few other species have the ability to sting .
populus is a genus of trees common in the northern hemisphere . they are commonly called poplars . the genus has 25 – 35 species in three sub-groups , commonly called poplars , aspens , and cottonwoods.in the september 2006 issue of " science " , it was announced that the western balsam poplar ( " p. trichocarpa " ) was the first tree to have its full dna code sequenced .
celastrales is an order of flowering plants . they are found throughout the tropics and subtropics , with only a few species extending far into the temperate regions . there are about 1200 to 1350 species in about 100 genera . all but 7 of these genera are in the large family celastraceae . until recently , the composition of the order and its division into families varied greatly from one author to another .
werner konrad graf von ( count of ) moltke ( 24 may 1936 – 29/30 july 2019 ) was a german decathlete . he won a european title in 1966 and finished second in 1962 . he competed at the 1968 summer olympics , but failed to finish . he was born in mühlhausen , germany.von moltke died on 29 or 30 july 2019 in nieder - olm , germany at the age of 83 .
sri lanka railways class s11 is a diesel multiple - unit ( dmu ) train , built for sri lanka railways by rites ltd , an indian state infrastructure corporation . the dmus are currently being imported in phases , with the last batch arriving in sri lanka in march 2012 . they were built to replace locomotive - hauled passenger trains . twenty s11 dmus were ordered to strengthen long distance travel on the coastal railway line from colombo to matara .
on 22 january 2019 , floods caused by heavy rainfall hit the indonesian province of south sulawesi . at least 68 people were killed and thousands were lost . gowa regency was hard - hit having the majority of the fatalities.the most destructive flood was caused by the overflowing of the jeneberang river and the opening of the watergates of the bili - bili dam in gowa , though other floods also occurred elsewhere in the province .
cheeks ( also called the buccal cavity ) are the area of the face under the eyes and between the nose and the ears.it is fleshy in humans and mammals , the skin being held up by the chin and the jaws , and making the wall of the human mouth , touching the cheekbone below the eye.in animals , markings on the cheek area ( i.e . stripes / spots ) , often are features between species or individuals .
harry geisinger ( october 31 , 1933 – may 1 , 2015 ) was an american politician for the republican party . he served in the georgia house of representatives from 1969 to 1975 and then from 2005 until his death.geisinger was born in roswell , georgia . he got his bachelors 's degree in business from the university of cincinnati in cincinnati , ohio.geisinger died from leukemia on may 1 , 2015 , aged 81 .
axial age ( also axis age , from ) is a term invented by german philosopher karl jaspers . it refers to ancient history from between 8th to the 3rd century bce . he says that this represents a turning point in human history.new ways of thinking appeared in iran , india , china and the greco - roman world . there were new religions and philosophies . moreover they happened in parallel across eurasia , without obvious contact .
" morning in america " is the common name of a political campaign television commercial . the ad was part of the 1984 u.s. presidential campaign of republican party candidate ronald reagan . it was narrated by hal riney.it shows a montage of pictures of americans going to work and a calm , optimistic narration that suggested the improvements to the u.s. economy since his 1980 . the term was used many times during reagan 's presidency .
beth hart ( born january 24 , 1974 in los angeles , california ) is an american singer . her music influences are rock and blues.beth hart started with playing in la clubs where she met with bassist tal herzberg and guitarist jimmy khoury . in 1993 she created her first album . beth hart is married and currently lives in los angeles . her band includes lead guitarist jon nichols , bassist tom lilly , and drummer todd wolf .
a quarry is a type of open pit mine that is used to get rocks and minerals from the ground . quarries are often used to cut stone from the ground in large pieces or blocks . these are called dimension stones . they are used for building things . some quarries fill with water to make small lakes when they are no longer being used for mining.the largest granite quarry in the world is run by rock of ages corporation in vermont , usa . .
lombe 's mill was the first successful silk throwing mill in england . it was built in an island on the river derwent in derby . john lombe visited piedmont in 1717 and studied details of the italian silk throwing machines - the " filatoio " , and the " torcitoio " . then , he returned to england with some italian craftsmen , and built the mill . george sorocold designed the building .
william george stern ( born vilmos györgy stern , 2 july 1935 – march 2020 ) was a hungarian - born british businessman . he was known as the owner of the british stern group of companies . when the company fell in 1973 , stern became britain 's biggest bankrupt with debts of £ 118 million . stern was the reason for the creation of britain 's first policyholders ' protection act.he died in march 2020 from covid - 19 .
snorri sturluson ( 1178 – september 23 , 1241 ) was an icelandic historian , poet and politician . he was three - time elected lawspeaker at the icelandic parliament , the althing . he was the author of the " prose edda " or " younger edda " and the " heimskringla " , a history of the norwegian kings that begins with legendary material and moves through to early medieval scandinavian history .
intamin worldwide is a designing and manufacturing company in wollerau , switzerland . they are known for building thrill rides and roller coasters . the intamin name stands for : international amusement installations . they distribute about 5 - 7 roller coasters from their workshops every year.the first roller coaster they built was the jr. gemini at cedar point in 1979 . after that , they installed a total of 70 roller coasters around the world .
ekrem i̇mamoğlu ( born 4 june 1970 ) is a turkish politician . he was mayor of istanbul from 17 april 2019 until 6 may 2019 . he was elected in the march 2019 istanbul mayoral election as the joint nation alliance candidate of the republican people 's party ( chp ) and the i̇yi̇ party , then he was re-elected on 23 june 2019 . he was formerly the mayor of beylikdüzü , a western district of istanbul , between 2014 and 2019 .
many of the most famous and best - loved works of art in the world were created during the time known as the renaissance . the renaissance began about 1400 and lasted until about 1600 . italy , and in particular the city of florence is thought of as the home of renaissance art.many flemish painters from the area of modern belgium were also very busy at this time . the style of their pictures , and their use of oil painting influenced the italian painters .
endocrine glands are glands that secrete their product ( hormones ) directly into the blood . this group contains the glands of the endocrine system.the main endocrine glands are the pituitary gland , the pancreas , the gonads , the thyroid gland and the adrenal glands . other organs which are not so well known for their endocrine activity include the stomach , which produces such hormones as ghrelin .
robert yates ( april 19 , 1943 – october 2 , 2017 ) was an american nascar engine builder and former owner of the sprint cup series team yates racing , owned since 2007 by his son doug . he purchased the team from harry ranier in 1988 , with driver davey allison . he was born in charlotte , north carolina.yates won the nascar winston cup champion ( 1999 ) . yates died at the age of 74 on october 2 , 2017 from liver cancer .
henry j. stern ( may 1 , 1935 – march 28 , 2019 ) was an american politician . he was born in new york city . he was a member of the new york city council from 1974 to 1983 and appointed as the commissioner of the new york city department of parks and recreation from 1983 to 1990 and again from 1994 to 2000 . stern died in new york city on march 28 , 2019 from complications of parkinson 's disease at the age of 83 .
tvynovelas is a mexican music and gossip magazine . the magazine is published by editorial televisa . the magazine is available in the united states ( and puerto rico ) , mexico , argentina , chile and colombia . " tvynovelas " is one of the most - widely read magazine for spanish - language soap opera fans . their awards show , " premios tvynovelas " , is broadcast on televisa and univision .
alice bah kuhnke ( born alice bah 21 december 1971 ) is a swedish politician and television presenter . in october 2014 , she became the minister of culture and democracy in sweden under stefan löfven . she joined the green party three days before being appointed.bah kuhnke presented the " mickey mouse club " during the early 1990s on svt . she had her own talk show on tv4 called " alice bah " between 1998 and 1999 .
hispar pass ( or hispar la ) ( el . 5,128 m. / 16,824 ft. ) is a high - altitude , non-technical mountain pass in the karakoram range in pakistan.at the pass , the biafo glacier ( 63 km . long ) and hispar glacier ( 49 km long ) meet to form the world 's longest glacial traverse outside of the polar regions , 100 kilometers in length .
the prime minister of montenegro ( montenegrin : " premijer crne gore " ) ( " premier of montenegro " ) , is the head of the government of montenegro . the role of the prime minister is to follow and lead the work of the government , and to submit to the parliament the government 's program.the current prime minister , duško marković , member of the democratic party of socialists of montenegro , was appointed by president filip vujanović on 28 november 2016 .
vahit melih halefoğlu ( 19 november 1919 – 21 january 2017 ) was a turkish politician and diplomat.after the general elections held in 1983 , turgut özal appointed him minister of foreign affairs from outside of the parliament . in 1986 , he was elected deputy of ankara from the motherland party ( anap ) . he did not stand for election in the 1987 general elections and ended his political career.halefoğlu died on 21 january 2017 in istanbul , aged 97 .
cue sports are games played with balls on a cloth - covered table that has rubber railings ( called " cushions " ) around it to keep the balls on the table . two or more people use sticks ( called cues ) to make one ball ( the cue ball ) hit other balls . in the past , all cue sports were called billiards , but that term has various different meanings in different areas.there are different kinds of cue sports , including :
baked beans is a dish made of beans , sometimes baked but , despite the name , usually stewed , in a sauce.most commercially canned baked beans are made from haricot beans , also known as navy beans ( a variety of " phaseolus vulgaris " ) in a sauce.in ireland and the united kingdom , a tomato sauce is most commonly used , and they are commonly eaten on toast or as part of a full english , scottish , or irish breakfast .
james sebastian faulkner ( born july 18 , 1948 ) or james reed faulkner is an english actor who is known for his roles in " the bank job " , " bridget jones 's diary " , " " , " " , and in " zulu down " . faulkner was born on july 18 , 1948 in hampstead , london , england . he is married to kate faulkner . they had two sons , guy and leo faulkner . he now lives in london , england .
čelinac ( ) is a town and municipality in central bosnia , republika srpska , bosnia and herzegovina . the municipality lies about to the east of the regional center , city of banja luka.it is located on vrbanja river , between municipalities of laktaši and prnjavor to the north , teslić to the east , kotor varoš , skender vakuf / kneževo to the south , and banja luka to the west .
erazim kohák ( 21 may 1933 – 8 february 2020 ) was czech philosopher and writer . he was born in prague . after communists took over czechoslovakia in 1948 , his family escaped to the united states . he also worked at gustavus adolphus college and boston university ( professor in 1977 ) . after the velvet revolution in 1989 , he returned to czechoslovakia to become a professor at charles university in prague.he died in february 2020 at the age of 86 .
sornetan is a former municipality in the administrative district of jura bernois in the canton of berne in switzerland.on 1 january 2015 the former municipalities of sornetan , châtelat , monible and souboz merged into the new municipality of petit - val . < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br > < br >
the kalmar union was a historical consisting union of the kingdoms of denmark , norway and sweden , and various other provinces and areas . at that time , norway included iceland , greenland , the faroe islands , shetland , orkney , and parts of finland belonged to sweden . the union was started in 1397 at a meeting in the town of kalmar in sweden . the union ended on 6 june 1523 when sweden left the union by gustav i .
glynis johns ( born 5 october 1923 ) is a british stage and movie actress , dancer , pianist and singer . she is the daughter of welsh actor mervyn johns.she is best known for her role as desiree armfeldt in " a little night music " on broadway . she won a tony award for this role . she played winifred banks in walt disney 's musical motion picture box office smash , " mary poppins " .
hara pattanaik ( , 12 october 1958 – 13 january 2015 ) was an indian movie actor , director and screenplay writer . he has acted over 60 oriya movies and directed about 19 others . patnaik was known for his roles in " sathire " ( 2004 ) , " ganga jamuna " ( 1997 ) and " nari bi pindhipare rakta sindura " ( 1997 ) . parranaik died on 13 january 2015 of cancer .
heavy machine gun is a term used to describe automatic firearms which are too heavy for one soldier to carry . in the early 20th century most were 7.62 mm or .30 caliber . nowadays the rounds fired by a heavy machine gun are .50 cal , which is 12.7 mm x 99 mm , or bigger . the largest in commonplace use are russian designs which fire rounds of 14.5 mm caliber . bigger ones are called autocannons .
the turnip or white turnip ( brassica rapa subsp . rapa ) is a root vegetable . it is found in temperate climates worldwide . smaller kinds of turnip are grown for human food . larger ones are grown to feed livestock.in the north of england and scotland , the name turnip , or neeps , are given to the larger turnips such as the yellow rutabagas . they are called swedes father south .
south - east is one of the districts of botswana . the capital city is ramotswa . the capital city of botswana , gaborone , is surrounded by this district.mokolodi nature reserve , gaborone game reserve and manyelanong game reserve are the major tourist places in the district.there are two sub-districts : ramotswa and tlokweng . the villages under each sub-district are :
henry martin " scoop " jackson ( may 31 , 1912 – september 1 , 1983 ) was an american politician . he was the united states senator of washington . he served as senator from 1953 to 1983 . he was a member of the democratic party.he ran for president of the united states during the presidential elections in 1976 , but lost to jimmy carter during the primary.jackson died in everett , washington from an aortic aneurysm , aged 71 .
dame catherine winifred harcourt ( née fulton , born 16 june 1927 ) , known professionally as kate harcourt , is a new zealand actress . she is known as host of the wellington version of children 's show " junior magazine . " " over her long career she has worked in comedy as well as drama on stage , movies and television.in the 1996 new year honours , harcourt was appointed as a dame companion of the new zealand order of merit for her works to theatre .
the iphone 11 pro and iphone 11 pro max are smartphones sold by apple inc . they were released on september 20 , 2019 , as replacements to the iphone x and x max . the phones feature a third camera lens on the rear instead of two lenses . they are available in gold , silver , space gray , and a new midnight green shade . they ship with an 18 - watt power adapter and a usb - c – to – lightning cable for fast charging .
catalan solids are a concept from geometry : for each archimedean solid there is a catalan solid that is its duality ( mathematics . in total , there are thirteen catalan solids ( as there are thirtin archimedean solids ) . they are named after the belgian mathematician eugène charles catalan of the 19th centurty.each catalan solid is a convex polyhedron . like with archimewdean solids , each surface is made of the same shape .
johann arnold nering or nehring ( 13 january 1659 in wesel – 21 october 1695 in berlin ) was a german architect active in the electorate of brandenburg.he worked for frederick william , elector of brandenburg , and frederick i of prussia . in his time he created the linden - markt , today known as gendarmenmarkt and most beautiful square of berlin , as well as charlottenburg palace , the royal residence of the hohenzollern family in berlin .
year zero does not exist in the anno domini ( ad ) system usually used to number years in the gregorian calendar and julian calendar . in this system , the year 1 bc is followed by ad 1 . however , there is a year zero in astronomical year numbering ( where it coincides with the julian year 1 bc ) and in iso 8601:2004 ( where it coincides with the gregorian year 1 bc ) as well as in all buddhist and hindu calendars .
the world junior wushu championships ( wjwc ) is an international wushu competition organized by the international wushu federation ( iwuf ) for competitors ( both male and female ) below 18 years of age . there are three categories for the taolu events ( under 12 and under 15 and under 18 years of age but in 2006 only u15 & u18 ) . the competition also includes a sanda category until 2016 , but was added u15 sanda from 2018 .
diana wynne jones ( august 16 , 1934 – march 25 , 2011 ) was an author from england . she wrote fantasy novels . fantasy novels are books with magic or other things that are not real , like dragons or people who can change the shape of their bodies . one of her books , howl 's moving castle , was made into a movie in 2004 . she was friends with another fantasy author from england named neil gaiman . she won many prizes for her books .
the 2000 uefa cup final riots , also known as the battle of copenhagen , was a riot in city hall square in copenhagen , denmark , between fans of english football team arsenal and turkish side galatasaray around the 2000 uefa cup final on 17 may 2000 . the fights , in which four people were stabbed , also included fans from other clubs and were viewed by the media as part of revenge attacks for the killing of two leeds united fans by galatasaray fans the month before .
dallas is an american soap opera . it is about the ewings , a family from texas involved in oil and cattle ranching . the show began as a television miniseries during april 1978 . it was broadcast until may 3 , 1991 on cbs . the cast included charlene tilton , victoria principal , priscilla presley , patrick duffy , and larry hagman as j.r. ewing . the series lasted for fourteen seasons.the show was revived on tnt in june 2012 .
pierre seron ( 9 february 1942 – 24 may 2017 ) was a belgian comic book artist . he was born in chênée , belgium . he was known for his works in the series " les petits hommes " ( " the little men " ) , initially in collaboration with journalist albert despréchins , began serial publication in " spirou " magazine on 7 september 1967 , a run continuing into 2004 . seron died on 24 may 2017 in nîmes , france at the age of 75 .
will mcbride ( january 10 , 1931 – january 29 , 2015 ) was an american photographer in reportage , art photography and book illustration , as well as , a painter and sculptor . he was known for his works that were against censorship in the united states by taking picture of people naked . mcbride was born in st. louis , missouri and raised in chicago , illinois . his entire career was based in berlin.mcbride died in his home in berlin , germany , aged 84 .
thomas wright thornburg king ( january 11 , 1923 – november 25 , 2018 ) , better known as wright king , was an american actor . he was born in okmulgee , oklahoma . his career lasted from 1949 until his retirement in 1987 . he was known for his roles in " a streetcar named desire " , " stagecoach to fury " and in " planet of the apes " . king died on november 25 , 2018 in los angeles , california at the age of 95 .
laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from peranakan culture . curry laksa ( sometimes called just " laksa " ) is a coconut soup made with prawns , beef , bean sprouts and chili . it is very spicy but can be made milder by leaving out some of the chilis.laksa is a popular food in malaysia . a well - known asam laksa can be found in air itam , penang .
the 2000 municipal elections of the halifax regional municipality in nova scotia , canada , took place on 21 october 2000 . elections have been held every four years since the amalgamation of the cities of halifax and dartmouth , the town of bedford and halifax county into the halifax regional municipality in 1996 . the regional council is made up of twenty three councillors and one mayor , all positions were up for election.there are no political parties at the municipal level in nova scotia , so all candidates run as independents .
william mark ormrod , , ( 1 november 1957 – 2 august 2020 ) , known professionally as mark ormrod , was an english historian . his works focused on the english later middle ages.he worked at the university of york where he became dean of the history faculty and director of the centre for medieval studies . he researched and published widely , including nine books and over 80 book chapters.ormrod died of bowel cancer on 2 august 2020 in york , aged 62 .
ö3 austria top 40 is the name of the official austrian singles chart , as well as the radio show which presents it . the show airs fridays on hitradio ö3 . the show presents the austrian singles , ringtones and downloads chart . it premiered on 26 november 1968 as " disc parade " and was presented by ernst grissemann . the show has had other names and other presenters , as detailed below.the weekly number - ones are released by musikmarkt and go tv .
gérard paul alain feldzer , born the 10th of february 1944 , is a consultant and aeronautical popularizer for media , journalist at " france info " since 2009 . former french airline pilot , he was president of the " aéro - club de france " between 1995 and 2005 , and head of the " musée de l'air " ( french air and space museum ) between 2005 and august 2010 . the 1st of january 2012 , he becomes officiers of the légion d'honneur .
the optic nerve , also known as cranial nerve ii or simply as cn ii , is one of twelve cranial nerves but is also considered to be part of the central nervous system . it sends information from the retina ( the outermost part of the eye ) to the brain . the brain forms a picture using the information so that you can see things.the retina sees the image upside - down and the optic nerve sends it to the brain so it turns it back into normal .
boris claudio " lalo " schifrin ( born june 21 , 1932 ) is an argentine pianist , composer , arranger and conductor . he is best known for his movie and tv scores since the 1950s , including the theme from " " and " enter the dragon " . schifrin has received five grammy awards and six oscar nominations . schifrin is also known for his works with clint eastwood from the late 1960s to the 1980s , particularly the " dirty harry " movies .
louis james barletta ( born january 28 , 1956 ) is an american politician . in 2011 , he became the u.s. representative for . he left the office on january 3 , 2019 . he is a member of the republican party . he served as mayor of hazleton , pennsylvania , from 1999 to 2010 . in august 2017 , barletta announced his candidacy for u.s. senate . he lost the general election to incumbent bob casey , jr. .
ronald sidney tauranac ( 13 january 1925 – 17 july 2020 ) was a british - australian engineer and racing car designer . he worked with formula one driver jack brabham and helped founded the brabham constructor and racing team in 1962 . tauranac owned and managed the brabham team until 1972 , when he sold it to bernie ecclestone . he was born in gillingham , kent.tauranac died in sunshine coast , queensland on 17 july 2020 , aged 95 .
epilepsy is a chronic condition of the brain . it is characterized by seizures that do not seem to have an obvious cause . to the outside viewer , these seizures show as episodes of heavy shaking . depending on the seizure , the shaking may be short and difficult to detect or it may be longer.people with epilepsy are sometimes called " epileptic " , but it is the fit or seizure that is " epileptic " . many people have died from seizures .
millard fillmore ( january 7 , 1800 – march 8 , 1874 ) was the 13th president of the united states . he was president from 1850 to 1853 . he was the last whig president , and the last president who was not a democratic or republican.fillmore became president in 1850 when the previous president , zachary taylor , died . the whig party did not pick him to run for president in 1852 . he ran for president in 1856 for the american party , but lost .
dineshwar sharma , ( born 1952 ) is an indian politician . he is a retired indian police service ( ips ) officer . he was the chief of the indian intelligence bureau , that is the director of intelligence bureau which is the highest - ranked post in the indian police service ( ips ) . he also was an interlocutor to the government of india for the state of jammu and kashmir . in november 2019 , he became the 34th administrator of lakshadweep .
gail dines ( july 29 , 1958 in manchester ) is a british - american radical feminist and anti-pornography activist . her book " pornland : how porn has hijacked our sexuality " was published in 2010 . she is jewish.she moved to the united states in 1986 . she is professor of sociology and women 's studies at wheelock college in boston.dines says that modern pornography is cruel and violent . she started a group called stop porn culture .
charles anthony ryan silvera ( october 13 , 1924 – september 7 , 2019 ) was an american major league baseball player and coach . he was part of six world series championships with the new york yankees . he played for the team between 1948 through 1956 . he later played for the chicago cubs in 1957 . he was a scout for the atlanta bravessilvera was born in san francisco , california . he died on september 7 , 2019 in millbrae , california at the age of 94 .
zhelyu mitev zhelev ( ; 3 march 1935 – 30 january 2015 ) was a bulgarian politician , philosopher , writer , and dissident . he served as the second president of bulgaria from 1 august 1990 to 22 january 1997 . he was the first non-communist to hold office.zhelev was born in smyadovo . he was married to maria zheleva and had two children.zhelev died on 30 january 2015 in sofia , aged 79 .
love actually is a 2003 british romantic comedy - drama movie . the large majority of it is set in london , with parts of it set in marseille , france and wisconsin , united states . it features several interlinked stories of love . it was written and directed by richard curtis . it stars hugh grant , liam neeson , colin firth , laura linney , emma thompson , alan rickman , keira knightley , martine mccutcheon , bill nighy and rowan atkinson .
cultured meat , also called synthetic meat , is meat grown in cell culture instead of inside animals . it is a form of cellular agriculture . cultured meat is produced using many of the same tissue engineering techniques used in regenerative medicine . up to now the cost to produce cultured meat has been extremely high . the first cultured beef burger patty , created by dr. mark post at maastricht university , was eaten at a demonstration for the press in london in august 2013 .
eduardo mac entyre ( 20 february 1929 – 5 may 2014 ) was an argentine artist . he was known for his geometric paintings . mac entyre has also created a body of more traditional abstract , cubist and figurative art.he was honored by the organization of american states in 1986 for his works to modern art in latin america and his work is widely displayed in argentina and elsewhere . he was born in buenos aires , argentina.entyre died in buenos aires , argentina , aged 85 .
gustavo josé joaquín noboa bejarano ( born 21 august 1937 in guayaquil , ecuador ) is an ecuadorian politician , former president of ecuador ( from 22 january 2000 to 15 january 2003 ) and vice president during jamil mahuad 's government.noboa was born on 21 august 1937 in guayaquil , ecuador . he was married to maría isabel baquerizo . since march 2006 , noboa is under house arrest for mishandling ecuador 's foreign debt .
an mp3 player is a portable audio device people can use to listen to songs saved in the mp3 format . they can use usb cords or wi - fi to connect the device to computers , so that computer files can be transferred to players internal memory.mp3s are audio files that have been made smaller by removing sounds that the human ear can not hear . many newer mp3 players can also be used to view images or movies , or play games . the most well - known mp3 player is the ipod .
d. e. shaw & co. , l.p. is a multinational investment management firm founded in 1988 by david e. shaw and based in new york city . the company is known for developing complicated mathematical models and sophisticated computer programs to exploit anomalies in the marketheadquarters : new york , new york , united statesnumber of employees : 1,601 founder : david e. shawfounded : 1988assets under management : 5,000 crores usd ( mar 2019 )
the following is a list of notable afghan people , which includes all the ethnic groups of the modern state of afghanistan . afghanistan has gone through territorial changes . this list generally excludes ethnic pashtuns who originate from regions that were not controlled by afghanistan at the time , though there are exceptions for certain figures who are prominent to pashtuns . it also includes historical figures coming from the present day borders of afghanistan , even if they were non-pashtuns . faridoon angar
k 's choice is a belgian rock band from antwerp . they formed in the mid-1990s . the band 's core members are siblings sarah bettens ( lead vocals , guitar ) and gert bettens ( guitar , keyboard , vocals ) . they are joined by eric grossman ( bass ) , thomas vanelslander ( lead guitar ) , reinout swinnen ( keys ) and koen liekens ( drums ) . the band has made gold and platinum albums .
the schwaz district is a district in tyrol , austria . it borders bavaria ( germany ) in the north , the districts of kufstein , kitzbühel and pinzgau ( salzburg ) in the east , south tyrol ( italy ) in the south , and the innsbruck - land district in the west.it has an area of 1,887.49 km ² . as of 2019 , 83,873 people lived there . the administrative center of the district is schwaz .
the potomac river is a river in the eastern united states . it is 665 kilometers long . it forms part of the borders between maryland , west virginia , washington , d.c. , and virginia . the potomac flows to the chesapeake bay . it has two sources . the north branch starts at fairfax stone in west virginia , and the south branch starts in highland county , virginia . the north branch and the south branch meet in hampshire county , west virginia , and make the potomac river .
bernard verlhac ( 21 august 1957 – 7 january 2015 ) , better known as tignous , was a french cartoonist and caricaturist . he was best known for his work on the satirical newspaper " charlie hebdo " . he was born and grew up in paris.tignous was among the victims who were killed in a shooting at " charlie hebdo " < nowiki > ' < / nowiki > s paris headquarters on 7 january 2015 . he was 57 .
the speaker of the lok sabha is the person in charge of the lower house of the parliament of india . the role of the speaker is the same as in other countries which use the westminster system of government.the speaker is elected in the very first meeting of the lok sabha after the general elections . he or she is chosen from the members of lok sabha . the speaker serves for a term of five years . the current speaker is om birla . he is the member of parliament from rajasthan .
derek bickerton ( march 25 , 1926 – march 5 , 2018 ) was an english - born american linguist and academic . he was born in cheshire , england . he was professor emeritus at the university of hawaii in manoa . his work was based in creole languages in guyana and hawaii . he proposed that the features of creole languages provide powerful insights into the development of language both by individuals and as a feature of the human species.bickerton died on 5 march 2018 at the age of 91 .
the edinburgh trams project is a scheme to build a new tramway in edinburgh , scotland . local public transport had been limited to buses since the closing of the city ’s previous edinburgh corporation tramways system on 16 november 1956 . edinburgh trams is a tramway in edinburgh , scotland , operated by edinburgh trams ltd. as of 2017 it is a 14 - kilometre line between york place in new town and edinburgh airport , with 16 stops . construction began in june 2008 , and after encountering delays it opened on 31 may 2014 .
richard andrew gephardt ( born january 31 , 1941 ) is an american politician . he served as a united states representative from missouri from 1977 to 2005 . he is a member of the democratic party . he was house majority leader from 1989 to 1995 and minority leader from 1995 to 2003 . he ran unsuccessfully for the democratic nomination for president of the united states in 1988 and 2004 . gephardt was mentioned as a possible vice presidential nominee in 1988 , 1992 , 2000 , 2004 , and 2008 .
inversnaid is a village on the east bank of loch lomond in scotland , near the north end of the loch . it has a pier and a hotel , and the west highland way passes through the village . a small passenger ferry runs from inversnaid to inveruglas on the opposite shore of the loch . to reach inversnaid by road involves a lengthy overland route from aberfoyle . it is also the title of a poem by gerard manley hopkins .
julieta susana " julie " gonzalo ( ; born september 9 , 1981 ) is an argentine - american actress and producer . she was born in buenos aires . she starred as pamela rebecca barnes in the tnt drama series " dallas " ( 2012 – 14 ) . gonzalo is also known for her roles in movies , including " freaky friday " , " a cinderella story " , and " christmas with the kranks " , and on television series " veronica mars " and " eli stone " .
shatin pui ying college ( ) is a christian secondary school in hong kong . its english name is simply said to be spyc or pyc . it was started in 1978 , and uses the money given by the hong kong government . there are 4 classes each for forms 1 to 6 ( as in 2019 ) . the school icon is an eagle , which means courage and determination . its location is at 9 fung shun street , wo che estate , sha tin district , hong kong .
an upset happens in a competition , mainly in electoral politics or sports , when the party popularly expected to win ( the favorite ) , either loses to or draws / ties a game with an underdog whom the majority expects to lose . it is often used in reference to beating the betting odds in sports , or beating the opinion polls in electoral politics.examples include : donald trump beating hillary clinton in the 2016 presidential election or alexandria ocasio - cortez beating representative joe crowley in the 2018 midterms .
eduard " eddie " franz krieger ( 16 december 1946 – 20 december 2019 ) was an international austrian footballer.krieger started his professional career at austria wien . after a play at dutch side vvv - venlo , krieger returned to austria to finish his career at lask linz . he made his debut for austria in april 1970 and was a participant at the 1978 fifa world cup . he earned 25 caps , no goals scored . he played his final international match in 1978 .
, also romanized as " inou " , was born in kujyukuri , chiba . his real name was jinbo sanjiro . he was a japanese surveyor and mapmaker . he was the first person who made an accurate map of japan . he started his travel through japan in 1800 . he walked together with his group about 44,000 km to create a map of japan . when he died in 1818 , takahashi kageyasu took over and finished the map in 1821 .
vanzone con san carlo is a " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of verbano - cusio - ossola in the italian region piedmont.vanzone con san carlo is about northeast of turin and about west of verbania . as of 2004 , 482 people lived there . it has an area of . vanzone con san carlo is next to these municipalities : antrona schieranco , bannio anzino , calasca - castiglione , ceppo morelli .
i̇smail hakkı karadayı ( 1932 – 26 may 2020 ) was a turkish general and politician . he became the 20th commander of the turkish armed forces on 30 august 1993 . between 1994 and 1998 , he was the 22nd chief of the turkish general staff . he was born in çankırı , turkey.on 13 april 2018 , a turkish court sentenced him to life imprisonment for his role in the 1997 turkish military memorandum.karadayı died on 26 may 2020 in istanbul of multiple organ failure , aged 87 – 88 .
john caspar wild ( 1804 - august 12 , 1846 ) was an american painter and lithographer . he was also called j.c. wild . he was born in switzerland . he moved to paris , france . in 1832 he moved to philadelphia , pennsylvania . he painted and printed landscapes . he painted a lot of cities in the united states . he painted pictures of philadelphia , st. louis , cincinnati , and davenport , iowa . his artwork is owned by the library company of pennsylvania .
william morey ( december 19 , 1919 – december 10 , 2003 ) was an american actor . he was known for his roles in " death race 2000 " ( 1975 ) , " brainstorm " ( 1983 ) , and " real men " ( 1987 ) . he was also a television actor appearing on small roles in " full house " , " fraiser " , " boy meets world " , and in " beggars and choosers " . morey died in santa monica , california from natural causes , aged 83 .
in mathematics , the mediant of two fractionsisit is commonly referred to as the freshman sum , due to it being a common mistake when people learn about the addition of fractions . the operation is between two fractions , therefore the way these fractions are represented influence the mediant . for example , the mediant of 1/1 and 1/2 is 2/3 , but the mediant of 2/2 and 1/2 is 3/4 , even though the sum of both is 3/2 .
1 . fc köln is a football club that is from cologne , germany . the 1 . fc koln was created in 1948 . it was a connection of two football clubs in cologne ( kölner bc 01 und spvgg sülz 07 ) . in the present day , 1 . fc köln plays in the bundesliga , the first teir of german football . the club 's main rival is borussia mönchengladbach , though their ultrá group wh96 does have friendly connections to the unity of borussia dortmund .
elasticity of substitution is a measure of how easily something is able to be substituted with something else . it is often used in marketing and economics . a product has a low elasticity if it is unable to raise its price because similar products ( substitutes ) are available . a product that is unique is able to charge higher prices because there are not as many choices . for example , in a fish market , there are many fishermen selling many fish . the price is not elastic because there is competition between many suppliers of fish .
judge rinder is a british reality television show . it has aired daily on itv from 11 august 2014 . robert rinder is the judge of the show . he judges cases about arguments that are usually about money , but it can be different . the program takes place in a small - claims courtroom . the show has the same format as american court shows like judge judy and judge mathis . a case takes an hour to film . it is edited down to fit a number of cases into the given time slot .
stephen hopkins ( 15811644 ) he was a passenger on the " mayflower " in 1620 , and signed the mayflower compact . he was also an assistant to the governor of plymouth colony in 1636 . hopkins was born in 1581 at upper clatford , hampshire , england and was the son of john and elizabeth hopkins . he worked as a tanner and merchant.there is little information about his early life . he married a woman named mary and they had three children : elizabeth , constance , and giles .
george emil palade ( november 19 , 1912 – october 8 , 2008 ) was a romanian cell biologist . he is best known for the innovations in electron microscopy and cell fractionation which helped lay the foundations of modern molecular cell biology.palade was awarded the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1974 . he won the award " for their discoveries concerning the structural and functional organization of the cell " . he shared it with albert claude and christian de duve . palade was described as " the most influential cell biologist ever "
a monarchy is a kind of government where a monarch , a kind of hereditary ruler ( someone who inherits their office ) , is the head of state . monarchs usually rule until they die or pass down ( when a monarch resigns it is called abdication ) . most monarchies are hereditary , but some are elected . the most famous elected monarch is the pope of the roman catholic church . some well known titles for monarchs are king , queen , emperor , empress , czar , kaiser , shah , emir and sultan .
henry haller ( born 1923 ) is a swiss - american chef . he served as executive chef of the white house from 1966 to 1987 . he served under the presidencies of lyndon johnson , richard nixon , gerald ford , jimmy carter and ronald reagan . he retired on october 1 , 1987 . haller was born in altdorf , switzerland . he studied as an apprentice at hotels and ski resorts in bern , davos and lucerne . he married carole itjem in the 1950s . they have four children .
mortimer maxwell caplin ( july 11 , 1916 – july 15 , 2019 ) was an american lawyer and educator . he was the founding member of caplin & drysdale , chartered . caplin served on john f. kennedy 's task force on taxation and in january 1961 . he appointed u.s. commissioner of internal revenue.caplin was born in new york city , new york . he turned 100 in july 2016 . caplin died on july 15 , 2019 in chevy chase , maryland at the age of 103 .
sir arnold wesker frsl ( 24 may 1932 – 12 april 2016 ) was a british dramatist . he was known for his works in drama . he was the author of 50 plays , four volumes of short stories , two volumes of essays , a book on journalism , a children 's book , extensive journalism , poetry and other assorted writings.his plays have been translated into up to 20 different languages and performed worldwide.wesker died of complications from parkinson 's disease on 12 april 2016 in brighton , england , aged 83 .
the president of the republic of colombia ( ) is the head of state and head of government of colombia.the office of president was established upon the ratification of the constitution of 1819 , by the congress of angostura , convened in december 1819 , when colombia was " " la gran colombia " " . the first president , general simón bolívar , took office in 1819 . his position , initially self - proclaimed , was ratified by congress.the current president of the republic of colombia is juan manuel santos , who took office on 7 august 2010 .
the eurovision song contest 2009 was the 54th eurovision song contest , it was held in moscow , russia after dima bilan won the 2008 contest for russia with " believe " . the semi finals took place on may 12 and may 14 and the final was held on may 16 . it was won by alexander rybak for norway with " fairytale " . there were 42 countries taking part with slovakia making a return for the first time in 11 years and san marino and georgia , two countries from last year , not appearing in the contest .
sarajevo is the capital city of bosnia and herzegovina . it has an estimated population of 436,000 people in the urban area including some municipalities from city of east sarajevo which is the part of republika srpska entity . the city has people living in it from many different cultures . it has mosques , synagogues , and churches . the 1984 winter olympics were held in sarajavo.during the siege of sarajevo , parts of the city were destroyed . most of the city is now recovered and rebuilt .
darsi ferrer ramírez ( 2 november 1969 – 6 october 2017 ) , was a cuban doctor , journalist , director of juan bruno zayas health and human rights center , and a dissident . he put in jail by president fidel castro.he organized protests at the unesco headquarters in havana and published about poverty in cuba . he was arrested and went on a hunger strike . ferrer was facing up to 8 years in prison . he was released on 22 june 2010 . ramírez in havana on 6 october 2017 at the age of 47 .
theodore jameson sophocleus ( may 28 , 1939 – june 8 , 2018 ) was an american politician . he was born in baltimore , maryland . he was a member of the democratic party . he was a pharmacist and a drug store chain executive . sophocleus served as a member of the maryland house of delegates from 1993 to 1995 and again from 1999 until his death in 2018 . sophocleus died of heart failure at a baltimore hospital on june 8 , 2018 at the age of 79 .
prunella scales ( born prunella margaret rumney illingworth ; 22 june 1932 ) is an english actress . she is best known for her role as basil fawlty 's wife sybil in the bbc comedy " fawlty towers " and her bafta award - nominated role as queen elizabeth ii in " a question of attribution " ( " screen one " , bbc 1991 ) by alan bennett.in march 2014 , her husband timothy west revealed to the " the guardian " that scales was living with alzheimer 's disease .
steve mizerak ( october 12 , 1944 , in perth amboy , new jersey , usa – may 29 , 2006 ) was an american professional pool player . he was a world champion during the 1970s and early 1980s . he won the u.s. open four times : each year from 1970 to 1973 . he also won the pppa world open title in 1982 and 1983 . in 1986 , he was in the movie " the color of money " . he is a member of the billiard congress of america hall of fame .
madiha yousri ( ) , ( née ghanima habib khalil ( ) ; 3 december 1921 – 30 may 2018 ) was an egyptian movie and television actress . she was born to a turkish father and sudanese mother in cairo . she was known for her role as siham in " immortal song " ( 1952 ) . in 1969 she was a member of the jury at the 6th moscow international film festival.on 30 may 2018 , madiha died at a cairo hospital from heart disease at the age of 96 .
linköpings aik is a sports club in the town of linköping in sweden . it was established on 22 october 1908 . the club runs orienteering , earlier even bandy and soccer . the men 's bandy team played in the swedish top division in 1931 . the men 's bandy team reached three semifinals when the swedish national championship was played as a knockout - tournament back in the 1920 's . the men 's soccer team also played in the swedish third division during the seasons of 1928 - 1929 and 1929 - 1930 .
the 2010 russian premier league was the 19th season of the russian premier league . the team with the most points was zenit st. petersburg , with 68 points . cska moscow was second with 62 points . the season started on march 12 , 2010 . the last match was played november 29 , 2010 . on november 14 , 2010 , zenit st. petersburg claimed their titles after a 5 - 0 win against fc rostov . lastly , this season was saturn moscow oblast 's last season . the team was dissolved after .
kris kelmi ( real name anatoli arievich kelmi ( ; 21 april 1955 – 1 january 2019 ) was a soviet and russian rock and pop musician and composer . he was a member of the musical groups " leap summer " and " autograph " . his most well - known songs : " night rendezvous " , " " , and " tired taxi " . kelmi was born in moscow . he died on 1 january 2019 from cardiac arrest caused by alcoholism at his home in moscow oblast at the age of 63 .
the synod of hippo was the synod of 393 that was held in hippo regius in northern africa during the early christian church . other synods were held in 394 , 397 , 401 and 426 . some were attended by st. augustine . the synod of 393 is best known for two things . first , for the first time a council of bishops listed and agreed a canon of sacred scripture that is the same as the modern orthodox and roman catholic canon . the canon was later agreed at the council of carthage .
the florida keys hurricane of 1919 was a strong hurricane in september 1919 . it killed more than 770 people . it moved through the florida keys and southern texas . it was the first such storm to cause a lot of damage in corpus christi , texas . this storm did $ 22 million in damage . in texas alone , the official number of deaths was 286 , but it may have been closer to 600 . the winds were around category 3 level between brownsville and corpus christi . they were at category 4 levels over the florida keys .
gianni infantino ( ; born 23 march 1970 ) is a swiss - italian football administrator . he has been the president of fifa since 26 february 2016 . he was the general secretary of uefa from 2009 through 2016 . on 26 october 2015 , infantino received the full support of the uefa executive committee to stand for the position of president in fifa 's upcoming extraordinary congress . on the same day , he confirmed his candidacy . he was elected president at the congress on 26 february 2016 . the congress was held with the purpose of reforming fifa .
westward ho ! is a village on the north coast of devon , england , uk . it is the only place in the british isles to have an exclamation mark ( ! ) in its name . the name comes from the novel of the same name by charles kingsley.another example of a place name with a exclamation mark in its name is saint - louis - du - ha ! ha ! , quebec ( canada ) . but these are colloquial , unlike westward ho ! 's .
bryan loren hudson ( born 1966 ) is an american singer - songwriter.loren started writing music when he was 12 years old . in 1984 loren 's first album , " bryan loren " , was released . " lollipop luv " was released as a single from it . it reached number 23 in the r & b chart . in 1992 he released his second album , " music from the new world " . he was a member of fat larry 's band . he wrote " feels so good " for whitney houston .
hamid karzai ( , ; born 24 december 1957 ) is a former president of afghanistan . he served from 22 december 2001 to 29 september 2014 . he was the first democratically elected leader of the country.he is ethnic pashtun from kandahar and can speak several different language , including english , french , persian , urdu and his native pashto language . he was educated in afghanistan and india . he lived in pakistan before becoming popular in late 2001 . he has many family members and relatives living in the united states .
lionel guérin is a french chief executive officer and politician . graduate from the " école nationale supérieure de mécanique et d'aérotechnique " and from the " école nationale de l'aviation civile " , he is the founding president of the regional airline airlinair , president of transavia france and of the " fédération nationale de l’aviation marchande " . in september 2011 , he almost became chairman of air france.lionel guerin is an environmental activist . he likes parrots . he also likes supporting sustainable aviation.guérin received the legion of honour award .
jacques lesourne ( 26 december 1926 – 1 march 2020 ) was a french economist and writer . he served as director of the daily newspaper " le monde " from 1991 to 1994 . he also published many books on economics and foresight , including " technique économique et gestion industrielle " ( 1958 ) and " le calcul économique " ( 1964 ) . he became an officer of the legion of honour in 2008 . lesourne was born in la rochelle . he died on 1 march 2020 in paris . he was 91 .
the british rail class 40 is a type of british railway diesel locomotive . built by english electric between 1958 and 1962 , and eventually numbering 200 , they were for a time the pride of the british rail early diesel fleet . despite their initial success , by the time the last examples were entering service they were already being replaced on some top - link duties by more powerful locomotives . as they were slowly relegated from express passenger uses , the type found work on secondary passenger and freight services where they worked for many years , the final locomotives being retired from regular service in 1985 .
stewart robert " bob " einstein ( november 20 , 1942 – january 2 , 2019 ) was an american actor , comedy writer and producer . he was born in los angeles , california . he was best known for creating and performing the satirical stuntman character super dave osborne.einstein was also known for his roles as marty funkhouser in " curb your enthusiasm " and larry middleman on " arrested development " . his younger brother was actor albert brooks.einstein died on january 2 , 2019 from leukemia in indian wells , california at the age of 76 .
diffusion is a process where molecules of a material move from an area of high concentration ( where there are many molecules ) to an area of low concentration ( where there are fewer molecules ) until it has reached equilibrium ( molecules evenly spread ) . diffusion usually happens in a solution in gas or in a liquid . it is possible to see diffusion happening when two liquids are mixed in a transparent container.it describes the constant movement of particles in all liquids and gases . these particles move in all directions bumping into each other . diffusion can only work with gases and liquids .
the lowest common denominator ( also least common denominator and lcd ) is the least common multiple of the denominators ( bottom parts ) of a group of fractions . it makes it easier to add , subtract , and compare fractions.the lcd of formula_1 and formula_2 is 6 . this is because formula_1 and formula_2 equal formula_5 and formula_6 . 6 is the smallest number that can be at the bottom of both of those fractions.the same thing also works with variables :
jess q. harnell ( born december 23 , 1963 ) is an american voice actor and singer . he is best known for his voice roles as wakko warner in " animaniacs " , ironhide in the " transformers " movie series , chilly in " doc mcstuffins " and crash bandicoot in the video game franchise of the same name . he has been the voice of br ' er rabbit in various disney projects since 1989 . he has been the announcer on " america 's funniest home videos " since 1998 .
the road to el dorado is a 2000 american animated adventure movie made by dreamworks animation . it stars kevin kline , kenneth branagh , rosie perez , jim cummings , frank welker , armand assante , edward james olmos and tobin bell . it was composed by elton john.the movie follows two spanish conmen who leave spain and set off to the new world . as they head to the legendary city of gold , they are mistaken for gods by the people . the movie flopped at the box office . it was poorly received by critics .
maurice petty ( march 27 , 1939july 25 , 2020 ) was an american nascar crew chief and engine builder . he worked for petty enterprises , of which he was part owner . he was added into the international motorsports hall of fame in 2011 . he was honored into the nascar hall of fame in 2014 . he was the first engine builder to be honored in that hall . petty was born in randolph county , north carolina . petty was the younger brother of richard petty.petty died on the morning of july 25 , 2020 , at the age of 81 .
tompall & the glaser brothers was an american country music group composed of three brothers : chuck glaser ( february 27 , 1936 – june 10 , 2019 ) , jim ( december 16 , 1937 – april 6 , 2019 ) , and tompall glaser ( september 3 , 1933 – august 13 , 2013 ) . the glaser brothers started singing together at country fairs . in 1957 the group got their big break when they appeared on the " arthur godfrey 's talent show " and attracted the attention of several well known country stars , including marty robbins .
centos is a distribution ( or " distro " ) of linux that is made to be similar to red hat . it was first made because the company that made red hat stopped making it free . now , many people work on centos , and many more people use it on their computers . often , centos is used on servers ( computers which provide services to people or other computers ) because it is stable ( does not break often ) and can be installed ( put on a computer ) in not much time , compared to other distributions such as gentoo .
margaret jobeth williams ( born december 6 , 1948 ) is an american movie , television , stage , voice actress , and movie director . she is known for her roles in " poltergeist " , " the big year " , " the big chill " , " " , " kramer vs. kramer " , and in " stop ! or my mom will shoot " . williams was born on december 6 , 1948 in houston , texas . williams studied at jones high school and at brown university . she married john pasquin in 1982 . they have two children .
" re-education ( through labor ) " is the first single from the american punk rock band rise against 's fifth studio album , appeal to reason . the single was released digitally to digital stores and radio stations on august 25 , 2008 . a music video was released on the same day.a limited physical version of the single was released on 7 " vinyl and can be gotten only by pre-ordering " appeal to reason " . this version also has a b - side titled " minor threat " , which is a cover of the song by minor threat .
minnie mouse is a cartoon character . she is mickey mouse 's twin sister . they were both created by walt disney . her birthday is on 18th november 1928 . but she only first appeared in 1928 , in “ plane crazy ” . she is also known as princess minnie and maestro minnie . minnie 's favorite foods are cheese , chocolate and cake . she loves listening to jazz music , cooking , baking , shopping and makeup.she was voiced by walt disney from 1928 to 1929 , then by marcelite garner , and then voiced by russi taylor .
bernardino piñera carvallo ( 22 september 1915 – 21 june 2020 ) was a chilean prelate of the catholic church . he was born in paris , france . at the age of , he is the oldest living catholic bishop . piñera was ordained a priest on 5 april 1947 and worked for the catholic action . on 11 february 1958 , pope pius xii appointed piñera carvallo auxiliary bishop of talca.in may 2020 , he was diagnosed with covid - 19 . piñera died on 21 june 2020 from pneumonia caused by covid - 19 in santiago de chile , aged 104 .
a caesar salad is a salad that is made with romaine lettuce and croutons dressed with parmesan cheese , lemon juice , olive oil , egg , worcestershire sauce , garlic , and black pepper . some of the most common variations to the salad include : grilled poultry ( most often chicken ) , meat , shellfish , or fish , capers , romano cheese , anchovies , and bacon.caesar dressing can be either creamy , like ranch dressing , or more oily , like italian dressing . its main flavourings are garlic and anchovies .
eduard nikolayevich uspensky ( ; 22 december 1937 — 14 august 2018 ) was a russian author and screenwriter . he wrote many children 's books . he was born in yegoryevsk , soviet union.among his most beloved characters are a serious but adventurous boy known as uncle fyodor from " uncle fyodor , his dog and his cat " . he also wrote screenplays , his best known ones were " gena the crocodile " and " plasticine crow " . uspensky died in moscow on 14 august 2018 from liver cancer , aged 80 .
northeastern ontario is a region in the canadian province of ontario . it includes the districts of algoma , sudbury , cochrane , timiskaming , nipissing , and manitoulin . parry sound district and district municipality of muskoka are sometimes included in northeastern ontario , although they are usually included in central ontario.northeastern ontario is sometimes included with northwestern ontario as northern ontario . one difference between the two parts is that northeastern ontario has a large franco - ontarian population . almost 25 percent of northeastern ontario 's population speaks french as a first language .
waleed al - husseini ( born june 25 , 1989 in qalqilya ) is a palestinian essayist , writer and blogger . in october 2010 , the palestinian authority arrested him for allegedly blaspheming against islam on facebook and in blog posts ; his arrest garnered international attention . he later escaped to france , where he successfully applied for asylum . in 2013 , he founded the council of ex-muslims of france , and in 2015 he wrote his first book , " blasphemer : the price i paid for regecting islam " .
roman - taras yosypovych shukhevych ( , also known by his pseudonym taras chuprynka ; 30 june 1907 – 5 march 1950 ) was a ukrainian politician , military leader and general of the ukrainian insurgent army ( upa ) . member of the organization of ukrainian nationalists . commander ( from ukrainian side ) of the nachtigall battalion ( 1941 – 1942 ) . chairman of the general secretariat of the ukrainian supreme liberation council ( 1943 – 1950 ) . shukhevych was posthumously awarded the title hero of ukraine by president viktor yushchenko .
phillip " phil " walsh ( 15 march 1960 – 3 july 2015 ) was an australian rules footballer and coach . he played for collingwood , richmond and the brisbane bears in the victorian football league ( vfl ) during the 1980s . he also had assistant coaching roles at geelong , west coast , and port adelaide . he was later the head coach of the adelaide football club for the 2015 season . he was born in hamilton , victoria.walsh was stabbed to death on 3 july 2015 in somerton park , south australia . he was 55 . his son was arrested for the murder .
phospholipids are a type of fat that contain phosphorus . they are major parts of all cell membranes because they form lipid bilayers.phospholipid molecules usually have hydrophobic tails and a hydrophilic head . biological membranes in eukaryotes also contain another class of lipid , sterols . these are spaced out among the phospholipids . together they provide membrane fluidity and mechanical strength . purified phospholipids are produced commercially and have found applications in nanotechnology and materials science .
the buick rendezvous was a midsize crossover suv . it was built by general motors from 2002 to 2007 . the rendezvous was built on a short wheelbase of the gm u platform similar to the pontiac aztek . it slotted between the rainier and the terraza . from 2002 to 2006 , it offered the option of front - wheel - drive or all - wheel drive . this was dropped for the final model year . the rendezvous was later discontinued due to a drop in sales and replaced by the slightly larger buick enclave cuv which also replaced the rainier and terraza .
ira neimark ( december 12 , 1921 – april 18 , 2019 ) was an american author , lecturer , and retail executive . he was chairman and ceo of bergdorf goodman from 1975 to 1992 . his reintroduction of french couture to new york with yves saint laurent , hubert de givenchy , and christian dior created a period of growth for bergdorf goodman , which went from $ 18 million in sales in 1975 to $ 250 million in sales by 1992 . neimark died on april 18 , 2019 , at his home in harrison , new york at the age of 97 .
william friedkin ( born august 29 , 1935 ) is an american movie director , producer and screenwriter . he was best known for directing " the french connection " in 1971 and " the exorcist " in 1973 . he won the academy award for best director.some of his other movie include " sorcerer " , " the brink 's job " , " cruising " , " deal of the century " , " to live and die in l.a. " , " jade " , " rules of engagement " , " the hunted " , " bug " , and " killer joe " .
sharknado is a 2013 american television sci - fi disaster movie about a waterspout that lifts sharks out of the ocean and throws them them in los angeles . it is the first movie in the " sharknado " movie series . it first aired on the syfy channel on july 11 , 2013 . it stars tara reid , ian ziering , john heard and cassie scerbo.five sequels were made : " " , " " , " " and " " . " " , the sixth and final movie in the franchise , was released on august 19 , 2018 .
tammany hall , ( also called the society of st. tammany , the sons of st. tammany , or the columbian order ) , named for tamanend ( meaning " " affable " " ) , a native american leader of the lenni lenape , was started in 1786 and was declared on may 12 , 1789 as the tammany society . it was the democratic political machine that played a major role in controlling new york city politics . it also helped many immigrants , especially the irish , rise up in american politics from the 1790s to the 1960s .
afrodisiac is the fourth studio album by american r & b / pop singer brandy norwood , released by atlantic records on june 28 , 2004 outside north america and on june 29 , 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) in canada and the united states . it was mostly produced by timbaland , with more production from warryn campbell , organized noise , walter millsap , ron feemster , big chuck , and kanye west . a lot of critics liked the album , but it did not sell a lot of copies . it has sold less copies than any other album she has made so far .
charles quinton " charlie " murphy ( july 12 , 1959 – april 12 , 2017 ) was an american actor , comedian , voice artist , and screenwriter . he was the older brother of eddie murphy.murphy was best known for being a writer and cast member of the comedy central sketch - comedy series " chappelle 's show " and for writing and starring in the adult swim animated series " the boondocks " . he also wrote the screenplay for " norbit " and " vampire in brooklyn " . murphy died from leukemia on april 12 , 2017 in new york city , aged 57 .
in chemistry , a leaving group is an atom or molecule that leaves another molecule during a reaction . this reaction can be for example a nucleophilic substitution . in this case the leaving group gets a pair of electrons . some leaving groups are better than others . this is because some atoms or molecules like getting extra electrons . the halides are a good example of good leaving groups.the type of leaving group can change the type of reaction that happens . for example , bad leaving groups make an sn1 reaction more difficult , while they make an sn2 reaction easier .
an all - party parliamentary group ( appg ) is a grouping in the british parliament that is made up of politicians from all political parties.if a parliament consists of both a lower house and an upper house , all - party parliamentary groups can usually include members of both houses . in the british parliament , for example , appgs include members of the house of commons and the house of lords.in the british parliament , an associate parliamentary group is similar to an all - party parliamentary group except that it is made up of not only members of the house of commons or lords but can also include members from outside parliament .
the rigging of a sailing ship is made up of the ropes and / or chains used to support the ship 's masts , yards and sails . the standing rigging is used to support the masts . the running rigging supports the yards and sails . some types of sailboats that have unsupported masts do not have any rigging . these include the junk rig and catboat rigs . bermuda sloops with a single mast and one headsail use fairly simple rigging . cutter - rigged ketches and schooners have the most complex rigging .
the bailiwick of guernsey is a territory belonging to the british crown in the channel islands . the bailiwick includes the islands of guernsey , alderney and burhou , herm and jethou as well as sark , little sark and brecqhou.a bailiwick is a territory governed by a bailiff . the bailiff of guernsey is the head of the parliament , the states of guernsey , which makes the laws for the bailiwick . but sark and alderney also have their own parliaments and pass some of their own laws .
mallika sherawat ( born on october 24 , 1976 as reema lamba ) is an indian actress . she was born in rohtak to a jatt family . the first movie she acted in was the 2002 bollywood movie " jeena sirf merre liye " . she acted in the 2005 chinese movie " the myth " . in 2010 , " hisss " was released . it was her first english movie . sherawat played the main character , naagin . in 2011 , she was in another english movie , " the politics of love " .
james anthony " jim " redden jr. ( march 13 , 1929 – march 31 , 2020 ) was an american lawyer and politician from oregon . he was a united states district judge of the united states district court for the district of oregon from 1980 to 1995 after being nominated by president jimmy carter . he was a member of the democratic party . he was the state 's treasurer from 1973 to 1977 and attorney general from 1977 to 1980 . redden was born in springfield , massachusetts . he died in beaverton , oregon of congestive heart failure on march 31 , 2020 at the age of 91 .
lawrence joseph hogan ( september 30 , 1928 – april 20 , 2017 ) was an american republican u.s. representative . his son is the current governor of maryland larry hogan.hogan represented the 5th congressional district of maryland from january 3 , 1969 , to january 3 , 1975 . hogan did not run for re-election in 1974 and was unsuccessful that year in his candidacy for the republican nomination for governor . he became county executive for prince george 's county , maryland , in 1978 and served until 1982 . hogan suffered a stroke and died on april 20 , 2017 in baltimore , maryland , aged 88 .
pashupati sharma is a nepalese folk singer born on 31 october 1982 in putalibazar municipality ward number 3 of syangja district , nepal . sharma moved to kathmandu on 2003 for his further studies , as he was interested in singing he started singing in saptakoshi dohori sanjh ( a duet folk singing club ) and released his first official song on 2003 . sharma has already sung more than 1000 songs during his career . his songs revolves around patriotism , love and satire one of his latest satire song lutna sake lut was recently forced to remove from youtube .
a soccer kick , also known as a soccer ball kick , is a kick that is close to kicks used in association football . it is the term for a kick performed against a kneeling , rising or on the ground opponent by a fighter who is in a standing or semi-standing position , mostly to the head of the opponent on the ground . the soccer kick was used in the first match of the ultimate fighting championship at ufc 1 in 1993 . gerard gordeau used a soccer kick to win the match against teila tuli . the soccer kick also knocked out some of tuli 's teeth .
a hedgehog , also called a hedgepig or furze - pig , is a small mammal . it has between 5000 - 7000 spines on its back . there are hedgehogs in europe , asia , africa , and new zealand . when attacked or threatened , it curls up . hedgehogs eat insects , snails , frogs and toads , snakes , bird eggs , carrion , mushrooms , berries and melons . sometimes , hedgehogs will search for earthworms after rainstorms.hedgehogs are nocturnal animals and they hibernate between november and march .
whopper is a kind of hamburger sold at the fast - food chain burger king . it is made using a beef patty , lettuce , tomato , sliced onion , pickles , ketchup , and mayonnaise served on a sesame seed bun . also , cheese can be added at the customer 's request . there is also a double whopper available.a " whopper jr. " is the same as the whopper , but in a smaller size.the whopper was under controversy when google home read out a vandalised description of a whopper from the internet site wikipedia .
htc corporation is a manufacturer of smartphones in taiwan . it used to be called high tech computer corporation and now is called htc by lots of people . the company first made smartphones based on microsoft 's windows mobile operating system , but in 2009 it started to make smartphones based on android operating system.htc is also a member of the open handset alliance , a group of manufacturers and mobile network operators helping to improve the android operating system . the htc dream , sold by t - mobile in many countries as the t - mobile g1 , was the first phone to use this .
alpine is a city in the state of texas in the united states . it is the county seat of brewster county . about 6,054 people lived there in 2013 . alpine was first named osborn for the part of the railroad that it was near . from 1883 to 1888 , alpine was named murphyville , for the owners of the land where the spring was that the railroad used to get water for its steam locomotives.sul ross state university opened in alpine in summer of 1920 . big bend national park was started near alpine on june 12 , 1944 . both of these things forced people to move to alpine .
repeating decimal ( or recurring decimal ) is a decimal where the number or pattern repeats forever . repeating decimal is resulted when dividing a number by a number that is not divisible except for certain cases like dividing any number by 5 . for example , dividing 7 by 3 would result in a repeating decimal , which is 2.333 ... or 2 . . the number or group of numbers that repeats is called a repetend or reptend and the number of numbers in the repetend is called the period length . for 2 . , 3 is the repetend and the period length is 1 .
typhoon haiyan ( or typhoon yolanda in the philippines ) is one of the strongest tropical cyclones in history . it formed on november 2 , 2013 , in the western pacific ocean . it began east - southeast of pohnpei . the storm later hit the philippines with extremely high winds and a strong storm surge . it has caused major damage in the visayas . hundreds of people have died in the storm . the director of meteorology at weather underground , jeff masters , said this could be the strongest tropical system to reach land . haiyan 's winds were near 195 miles an hour .
sir richard john hadlee ( born 3 july 1951 ) is a new zealand former cricketer . he is thought to be one of the greatest fast bowlers and all - rounders in cricketing history . he was born in st albans , new zealand.hadlee was appointed mbe in 1980 and knighted in 1990 for services to cricket . in december 2002 , he was chosen by wisden as the second greatest test bowler of all time.on 3 april 2009 , sir richard hadlee was inducted into the icc cricket hall of fame.in june 2018 , hadlee was diagnosed with bowel cancer and underwent tumor removal surgery .
durrës is the second largest city of albania . it is on the central albanian coast , about west of the capital tirana . it is one of the most ancient and economically important cities of albania . durrës is at one of the narrower points of the adriatic sea . it is opposite the italian ports of bari ( away ) and brindisi ( away ) . durrës is home to albania 's main port , the port of durrës . the aleksandër moisiu university is here . the town has about 115,550 people . durrës was the national capital from 7 march 1914 until 11 february 1920 .
james henry " jim " webb , jr. ( born february 9 , 1946 ) is an american politician . he was a united states senator from virginia from 2007 to 2013 . he is also an author and served as secretary of the navy from 1987 to 1988 under the ronald reagan administration . he is a member of the democratic party.webb announced on november 19 , 2014 that he is forming a committee to run for president of the united states in 2016 . on july 2 , 2015 , webb announced that we will run for president in 2016 . he suspended his campaign and withdrew from the election on october 20 , 2015 .
a playwright is a person who writes plays for the stage . because the name of such a text is " drama " , another word for this person is dramatist . sometimes , dramas are written to be read and not played . in that case , they are called " closet dramas " . the word " wright " does not come from write . it is an ancient english term for a builder . for example , a " wheelwright " makes wheels . in a similar way , a playwright makes plays . when the term was first used , it was meant as an insult . today it has lost this meaning .
ronald gabriel " ron " palillo ( april 2 , 1949 – august 14 , 2012 ) was an american television and movie actor , who is best known for his role as high school student arnold dingfelder horshack on the abc sitcom " welcome back , kotter " , from 1975 to 1979 . palillo was born in cheshire , connecticut on april 2 , 1949 . he was educated at university of connecticut . palillo died on august 14 , 2012 from a heart attack in his palm beach , florida home . he was 63 years old . he is survived by his partner of 41 years , joseph gramm .
batman : the ride is a steel inverted roller coaster found in six flags theme parks . it was built by bolliger & mabillard . the rides rise to heights of and reaches top speeds of . the original roller coaster at six flags great america was partially designed by the park 's manager jim wintrode . batman : the ride was the world 's first inverted roller coaster when it opened in 1992 . it has since been awarded coaster landmark status by the american coaster enthusiasts . its theme is based on the first " batman " film . clones of the ride exist at amusement parks around the world .
tor obrestad ( 12 february 1938 – 25 january 2020 ) was a norwegian novelist , poet and documentary writer . he was born in hå . he published his first two books in 1966 . for these books , the poetry collection " kollisjon " and a collection of short stories , " vind " , obrestad won tarjei vesaas ' debutantpris . he also wrote biographies on arne garborg , hulda garborg , alexander kielland and einar førde.obrestad died on 25 january 2020 in nærbø . he was 81 .
the indus valley toad ( duttaphrynus stomaticus ) or ( bufo stomaticus ) , also known as asiatic marbled toad , punjab toad , or marbled toad , is a species of toad that can be found in pakistan , iran , and possibly in afghanistan . it is most found in the indus valley . it is also known as the " house toad " . these toads are usually found near cultivated plains which have still water . it is nocturnal and its diet consist of insects such as ants . this endemic toad species is the " " national amphibian of pakistan " " respectively .
fat wreck chords is a san francisco , california based independent record label , made for punk rock . it was started by fat mike ( lead singer and bassist of the punk rock band nofx ) and his wife , erin , in 1990 . they have made material for bands such as descendents , me first and the gim me gimmes , propagandhi , rise against , lagwagon , strung out , no use for a name , less than jake , against me ! , anti-flag , facing the giants , return to the wars , hallowed ground , and his own band nofx .
the spanish tragedy , or hieronimo is mad again is a play by thomas kyd . it is a tragedy . the exact date the play was written is uncertain . it was probably written in the 1580s . ben jonson referred to the play in " bartholomew fair " . this suggests that " the spanish tragedy " was staged between 1584 and 1589 . a date earlier than 1588 is very likely.the play is about the horrific murders of the heirs to the spanish throne . it had great influence on elizabethan playwrights . shakespeare may have adopted elements of the play for " hamlet " .
joseph m. " joe " arpaio ( born june 14 , 1932 ) is the six - time elected sheriff of maricopa county , arizona . a controversial figure , arpaio has been accused of abuse of power , misuse of funds , failure to investigate sex crimes , improper clearance of cases , unlawful enforcement of immigration laws , and election law violations , amongst others.in 2017 , arpaio was found guilty of racial profiling in federal court , however he was later pardoned by president donald trump.arpaio was an unsuccessful candidate in arizona 's republican primary election for u.s. senate in 2018 .
jack hobbs ( sir john berry hobbs , 16 december 1882 – 21 december 1963 ) was an english professional cricketer.hobbs played for surrey from 1905 to 1934 and for england in 61 test matches between 1908 and 1930 . known as " the master " , hobbs is regarded by critics as one of the greatest batsmen in the history of cricket . he is the leading run - scorer and century - maker in first - class cricket , with 61,760 runs and 199 centuries . a right - handed batsman and an occasional right - arm medium pace bowler , hobbs also excelled as a fielder , particularly in the position of cover point .
the egerton gospel is a set of papyri that are now in the british museum . the papyri have been dated to the second century . the text they contain may have been written 50 - 100 ad . it is one of the oldest known fragments of any gospel , or any codex . soon after the british museum acquired it in the summer of 1934 , it was printed in 1935 . it is also called the unknown gospel , as no ancient source makes reference to it , in addition to being entirely unknown before its publication.the surviving fragments include four stories : the last story has no equivalent in canonical gospels :
ripon is a small cathedral city in north yorkshire , england . in the 2001 census ripon had a population of 15,922 . in england only wells , ely and the city of london are smaller.ripon was one of the boroughs reformed by the municipal corporations act 1835 . it stayed a borough in the west riding of yorkshire until 1974 . under the local government act 1972 it became a parish in the borough of harrogate , north yorkshire . because it is an urban ( town ) parish ripon can call its parish council ripon city council , the chairman of its parish council is called the city mayor .
marva collins ( august 31 , 1936 – june 25 , 2015 ) was an american teacher . in 1975 she started westside preparatory school in garfield park , a poor neighborhood of chicago . she ran the school for more than 30 years until it closed in 2008 . she was known for applying classical education , in particular the socratic method , modified for use in primary schools , successfully with students from poor families.she wrote some manuals , books and other materials describing her history and methods . she was most widely publicized in the 1981 biographical tv movie , " the marva collins story " , starring cicely tyson and morgan freeman .
paleoconservatism ( sometimes called paleocon ) is a conservative idea that stresses tradition , limited government and civil society , along with religious , national and western identity . the idea is mainly found in the united states.according to scholar michael foley , paleoconservatives want more restrictions on immigration , cuts in multicultural programs , protectionism ( basically meaning that foreign goods will be taxed more ) , isolationism , and to bring back traditional societal roles.paul gottfried created the term in the 1980s . it was used to refer to conservative traditional catholics and agrarian southerners who turned against communism during the cold war .
congregationalism is a way to organize christian ( usually protestant ) churches . with congregationalism , each church or community has a lot of autonomy . anabaptist , baptist , and pentecostal movements are often organised this way . it is different from presbyteranism , where a number of elders govern the churches , and from episcopalism , where a number of bishops govern the churches . originally , congregationalism was part of the anglican church , who took some of the teachings of jean calvin and huldrych zwingli , in the 16th and 17th century . those who wanted congregationalism usually were puritans .
antonín dvořák ( b.nelahozeves , nr kralupy , september 8 1841 ; d. prague may 1 1904 ) was a czech composer . along with smetana and janáček , dvorak is one of three famous composers who wrote nationalist czech music . he wrote chamber music including several string quartets , piano music , songs , operas , oratorios and nine symphonies . the last of his symphonies is known as the " new world " symphony because he wrote it in the united states ( the “ new world ” ) . the slow movement with its solo played on the cor anglais is especially famous .
akut search and rescue association " ( turkish : akut arama kurtarma derneği ) " is a non-governmental and volunteer organization in turkey , which was established in 1996 by a group of mountaineers . the association has established 27 teams in different regions of turkey and has score of more than 1000 search and rescue operations in and out of turkey . it 's also a member of the international rescue dogs organization and united nations ' international search and rescue advisory group ( insarag ) . in 2011 the association participated in insarag 's classification event and since then it 's a " medium search and rescue group " .
the windscale fire was a devastating fire in britain 's first nuclear reactor at windscale ( now sellafield ) in 1957 . the fire spread radioactive fallout over hundreds of miles . some of the most dangerous contamination was kept secret , and its effects only came to light years later . at the back of the reactor , ruptured fuel cartridges containing uranium are still jammed in the fire damaged core , awaiting safe removal . official estimates are that up to a hundred people may have died from the contamination . the cleanup cost over a hundred million pounds . the windscale fire was the first fire in any nuclear facility .
" give me all your luvin " is a song by madonna featuring rappers nicki minaj and m.i.a . the song was released in february 2012 . it was released by interscope . it was musically influenced by the 1982 toni basil song " mickey " and the 2005 gwen stefani song " hollaback girl " . the song reached number one in canada , the top ten in the us , and the top 40 in the uk . the artists performed the song at super bowl xlvi . m.i.a . flipped the middle finger , which was not caught in time by the censors .
the " ghost in the machine " is a metaphor in philosophy . the philosopher gilbert ryle called mind the " ghost in the machine " , and the idea that it was separate from the brain was the mistaken " official doctrine " . ryle was referring to rené descartes ' mind - body dualism . in dualist systems like descartes ' , mental activity carries on in parallel to physical action , but the means of interaction are unknown or speculative . ryle thought this was absurd , and as a kind of error which he called a " category mistake " . it is like saying something like " cars move by motive spirit " .
in cryptography , a secure channel is a way of transferring data that is very difficult ( called r " esistant " ) to overhear or copy ( called " interception " ) and understand ( called " decrypt " ) or change ( called " tampering " ) . a confidential channel is a way of transferring data that is resistant to interception , but may not be resistant to tampering and may not be resistant to impersonation by someone else ( called " spoofing " ) . an authenticatable channel is a way of transferring data that is resistant to spoofing but may not be resistant to interception or tampering .
karl - heinz von hassel ( 8 february 1939 – 19 april 2016 ) was a german actor . he acted in more than 100 movies and television shows between 1960 and 2012 . he was born in hamburg , germany.he trained for a business career and also took acting lessons . from 1960 he acted in plays in several theaters . from 1966 he appeared regularly on television . he later had important roles in movies directed by rainer werner fassbinder . hassel was a tall man who often acted as a police officer.hassel died after a short illness on 19 april 2016 in hamburg , germany . he was 77 years old .
in anatomy , the atlas is the top " cervical vertebra " ( neck bones ) of the spine . in anatomy , the " atlas " is written ( c1 ) for short.it is named for the atlas of mythology , because it supports the head in the same way as atlas held the world on his shoulders.the " atlas " connects to a vertebra called the . together they form the joint connecting the skull to the rest of the spine . the " atlas " and " axis " are different in shape from all the other vertebrae . they have more movement . they allow the head to nod and to rotate ( turn ) .
lopp lagoon is a tidal lake on cape prince of wales ( the westernmost tip of the seward peninsula ) in the u.s. state of alaska . many creeks empty into it , but the most water comes from the mint river . some salt water from the pacific ocean also enters the lagoon through several channels between it and the bering strait.it was named in 1900 for william thomas " w.t . " lopp , the civilian leader of the 1897 – 8 overland expedition.historically , lopp lagoon has been an important source of food ( salmon and waterfowl ) for people living in the wales , alaska area .
on 13 january 2012 , the italian cruise ship " costa concordia " hit the bottom of the sea floor and overturned after striking an underwater rock off isola del giglio , tuscany , resulting in 32 deaths.the eight year old costa cruises vessel was on the first leg of a cruise around the mediterranean sea when she deviated from her planned route at the isola del giglio , sailed closer to the island , and struck a rock formation on the sea floor.a six - hour rescue effort brought most of the passengers ashore.many blamed the ship 's captain francesco schettino , who left the ship shortly after the sinking began leaving behind the crew and passengers .
christian rené , viscount de duve ( 2 october 1917 – 4 may 2013 ) was a belgian biochemist . he was born in thames ditton , surrey and grew up in antwerp , belgium.duve won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1974 . he discovered two cell organelles , lysosomes and peroxisomes . he described them , and was the first to investigate their functions . duve shared the nobel prize with albert claude and george e. palade.de duve died in grez - doiceau , belgium , on 4 may 2013 , when he asked that his life be ended through euthanasia .
mount ebenezer is a pastoral station and roadhouse in the south of the northern territory , australia . it is located on the lasseter highway , from the stuart highway to the east and to uluṟu in the west . mount ebenezer is owned by the community of imaṉpa , which is surrounded by the property . it is one of the few aboriginal - owned stations in the territory . it is managed by lisanote pty ltd , a company also owned by the imaṉpa community . this company also operates the angas downs indigenous protected area , which borders the property to the west . the lease for the property is held by the fogarty family .
depaul university is a private university in chicago , illinois . the university has about 24,008 students . it was founded in 1898 . the current president of the university is a. gabriel esteban , phd . it was named after 17th - century french priest saint vincent de paul.depaul 's two main campuses are located in lincoln park and the loop . the lincoln park campus is home to the colleges of liberal arts and social sciences , science and health , and education . the loop campus is home to colleges of business , law and technology.since 1998 , depaul university has been the largest catholic university in the united states .
blockland is a multiplayer computer game made on the torque game engine , where people make things using blocks . blockland has around 35,500 players . people could build up to 128,000 bricks on every server to keep the game running best.in 2009 , lego were talking to eric " badspot " hartman about selling blockland . it has been talked about by " the screen savers " and shack news . in 2005 , when " blockland " was in beta , " blockland " was on an article on " globe and mail " in which eric says 20,000 people downloaded " blockland " in the ten days since it " became big " . right now , the full game costs $ 20 .
dudley webster dudley ( born dudley webster ; august 4 , 1936 ) is a political activist in the american state of new hampshire . dudley was born in exeter , new hampshire . dudley is known for her legislation that stopped aristotle onassis from building an oil refinery in durham , new hampshire in 1974 . in 1976 , dudley became the first woman elected to the new hampshire executive council . she served for four terms . in 1984 , she won the democratic primary to represent new hampshire ’s first congressional district . she was defeated by republican bob smith . dudley has served as a trustee of the university of new hampshire . she served on the board of directors for the unh alumni association.dudley inherited her first name from her grandmother ’s maiden name . she was married to portsmouth attorney thomas dudley . this is how she got her last name , dudley .
col. william brewster iii ( 1566 – april 10 , 1644 ) was an english official who was a passenger on the " mayflower " in 1620 . he was a religious leader both in europe and in plymouth colony . he was also one of the signers of the mayflower compact.william brewster iii was the son of capt . william brewster , jr. ( 1533 - 1622 ) and mary smythe simkinson ( 1537 - 1655 ) , capt . william brewster , jr. was the son of col. william brewster , sr. ( 1500 - 1616 ) and maud mann ( 1506 - 1619 ) , william iii lived in scrooby , nottinghamshire , england.brewster studied at peterhouse , cambridge . cambridge was a university where many people wanted to change the church of england . people who agreed with this started different religions . they were called separatists . in england , separatists were put into jail.brewster worked for a time for william davison in the netherlands . davison went to jail because he was a separatist . when davison went to jail , brewster went back home to scrooby for a time . he became a postmaster . brewster began a separatist church in his house . in 1607 , he also went to jail for a short time for doing this in . brewster and other members of the church decided to move to netherlands in 1608 . they hoped that would be able to practice their religion there . to leave england without permission was illegal , so they left in secret . in 1609 , he was chosen as the leader of the congregation.in leiden , brewster taught english . in 1616 he was a printer and made religious books for sale in england . in 1619 , brewster and edward winslow published a religious booklet which disagreed with king james i and the church of england . the king ordered brewster 's arrest . he was forced to hide . the printing press was taken by the english ambassador and brewster 's partner was arrested . the congregation had already decided to leave leiden for the new world . while brewster was in hiding , the other members of the church looked to others such as john carver and robert cushman to make the plans . brewster escaped and , with the help of cushman , he and cushman were able to get aboard the " mayflower " with their friends . his wife and two of his sons , love and wrestling , were also passengers .
richard john philip jermy gwyn , ( may 26 , 1934 – august 15 , 2020 ) was a canadian journalist , author , historian , and civil servant.from 1957 to 1959 , gwyn was the parliamentary correspondent for united press international , in ottawa . later in 1959 to 1960 , he worked for thomson newspapers.from 1960 to 1962 , he was the ottawa editor for maclean - hunter business publications . from 1962 to 1968 , he worked for " time canada " as a parliamentary correspondent and contributing editor . from 1968 to 1970 , he was the executive assistant to the minister of communications , eric kierans.from 1970 to 1973 , he was the director - general , socio - economic planning in the department of communications.gwyn died from alzheimer 's disease on august 15 , 2020 at the age of 86 .
john daniel " dan " hicks ( born june 2 1962 in tucson , arizona ) is a sportscaster with nbc.he currently calls golf tournaments for nbc . he also is a fill - in for notre dame football on nbc when tom hammond is not there . hicks called swimming and figure skating in the olympics . he called nfl games for nbc , as well as nba games . hicks called the 2012 pro bowl with analysts mike mayock and doug flutie and sideline reporters alex flanagan and randy moss . in the 2012 preseason game between the indianapolis colts and pittsburgh steelers , hicks called an nfl game for the first time since 1997 . hicks filled in for al michaels because michaels took a break after anchoring the 2012 london summer olympics.hicks is married to espn sportscaster hannah storm .
auguste chabaud ( born 3 october 1882 in nîmes , gard , died 23 may 1955 in graveson , bouches - du - rhône ) was a french artist and sculptor.chabaud was born in nîmes . he began studying arts in avignon , aged 14 . in 1899 , he went to paris and continued studying arts . in his early phase , his paintings were fauvistic . in 1919 , he moved to the village of graveson and stayed there for the rest of his life . since 1920 , he only used prussian blue for his paintings . in 1955 , he died in graveson . the " musée auguste chabaud " was opened in this village in 1992 .
flavio bucci ( 25 may 1947 – 18 february 2020 ) was an italian actor . he was born in turin . he began his screen acting career in 1971 . he is known for movie roles such as daniel , the blind pianist , in dario argento 's " suspiria " ( 1977 ) , and blackie in aldo lado 's " night train murders " ( 1975 ) . his other movie appearances include " the working class goes to heaven " ( 1971 ) , " property is no longer a theft " ( 1973 ) , " to love the damned " ( 1980 ) , " the homeless one " ( 1981 ) , " dream of a summer night " ( 1983 ) , " the two lives of mattia pascal " ( 1985 ) and " il divo " ( 2008 ) . on 18 february 2020 , bucci died of a heart attack in fiumicino . he was 72 .
christopher thomas morahan cbe ( 9 july 1929 – 7 april 2017 ) was an english stage and television director and production executive.from 1972 to 1976 , he was the head of plays for bbc television , a department responsible for such series as " play for today " . morahan joined the national theatre in 1977 as deputy director and was appointed co-director of the olivier theatre.he was involved in creating the 14 - part television drama " the jewel in the crown " ( 1984 ) , of which he was co-director and producer . the series won a primetime emmy award and a bafta tv award in 1985 . morahan was appointed commander of the order of the british empire ( cbe ) in the 2011 birthday honours for services to drama.morahan died on 7 april 2017 in london at the age of 87 . he died on the same day as tim pigott - smith , one of the leads in " the jewel in the crown " .
akrisios ( or acrisius ) is a person in greek mythology . he was the king of argos . he is the father of danaë , and grandfather of perseus.akrisios was told by an oracle that he would be killed by his grandchild . because of that he put his daughter danaë in a tower where noone was allowed to enter , so she could not have a child . but the god zeus could enter in the form of a golden rain , and with him her child was perseus.akrisios then put danaë and her baby perseus in a box and threw it into the sea . but zeus tells the sea - god poseidon to help them , and so danaë and her son come to the island seriphos . there they are found by , who lets them live with him.a long time after that , the grown up perseus takes part in some funeral games . during the games perseus throws a discus , which accidentally hits akrisios . akrisios is killed by it : he was killed by his grandchild , like the oracle 's prophecy said .
this is a list of dinosaurs whose remains have been recovered from north america.north america has a rich dinosaur fossil record with great diversity of dinosaurs . this may not mean the dinosaurs were more diverse or abundant ; it may be because substantial resources have been devoted to the north american fossil record.the middle jurassic is the only poorly represented time period in north america , although several middle jurassic localities are known from mexico . footprints , eggshells , teeth , and fragments of bone representing theropods , sauropods , and ornithopods have been found , but none of them are diagnostic to the genus level.the upper jurassic of north america , however , is the exact opposite of the middle jurassic . the upper jurassic morrison formation is found in several u.s. states , including colorado , utah , wyoming , montana , new mexico , oklahoma , south dakota , and texas . it is notable as being the most fertile single source of dinosaur fossils in the world.during the lower cretaceous , new dinosaurs appeared . sauropods were still present , but they were not as diverse as they were in the jurassic . theropods from the early cretaceous of north america include dromaeosaurs such as " deinonychus " and " utahraptor " , " acrocanthosaurus " , and " microvenator " . sauropods included " astrodon " , " pleurocoelus " , and " sauroposeidon " . ornithischians were more diverse than they were in the jurassic period . " tenontosaurus " , " hypsilophodon " , " iguanodon " , " protohadros " , and " eolambia " are some of the ornithopods that lived then . ankylosaurs replaced their stegosaur cousins in the cretaceous . ankylosaurs from the early cretaceous of north america include " sauropelta " and " gastonia " . therizinosaurs such as " falcarius " are also known from the early cretaceous of north america.finally , in the long upper cretaceous , the greatest abundance and diversity of dinosaurs of all time lived in north america . during the early part of the upper cretaceous , the therizinosaur " nothronychus " and the ceratopsian " zuniceratops " lived . during the campanian stage ( 83.672 mya ) , an enormous diversity of dinosaurs is known . theropods included the tyrannosaurs " albertosaurus " , " gorgosaurus " , " daspletosaurus " , " appalachiosaurus " , and " dryptosaurus " , and the dromaeosaurids " dromaeosaurus " , " saurornitholestes " , " atrociraptor " , and " bambiraptor " . ceratopsians , such as " pachyrhinosaurus " , " styracosaurus " , " centrosaurus " " monoclonius " , " brachyceratops " , " pentaceratops " , and " leptoceratops " also existed . among hadrosaurs , " parasaurolophus " , " corythosaurus " , " lambeosaurus " , " saurolophus " , and " prosaurolophus " existed.during the latest cretaceous , the maastrichtian stage ( 7265.5 mya ) , the diversity of dinosaurs was n't as great as the preceding campanian stage . north american herbivorous dinosaurs then included the titanosaur sauropod " alamosaurus " , the ceratopsians " triceratops " and " torosaurus " , the pachycephalosaurs " pachycephalosaurus " , " stygimoloch " , " dracorex " , and " stegoceras " , the hadrosaurs " edmontosaurus " and " anatotitan " . predatory dinosaurs from this time period included " tyrannosaurus " and " nanotyrannus " ( which may just be a juvenile of the former ) , and the troodontid " troodon " .
enrique floriano millan ( born october 9 , 1982 in lorca , murcia ) is a swimmer from spain . he has a disability : he is blind and is an b2 / s12 type swimmer . he raced at the 2000 summer paralympics . he was the number one swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle and 200 meter individual medley race . he was the number two swimmer in the 100 meter backstroke race . he was in the number three team in the 4 x 100 meter medley relay 49 points race . he raced at the 2004 summer paralympics . he was the number two swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle and in the 4 x 100 meter medley relay 49 points race . he was the number three swimmer in the 200 meter individual medley race . he raced at the 2008 summer paralympics . he was the number two swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle race . he raced at the 2012 summer paralympics . he was the number two swimmer in the 400 meter freestyle race.he got a job with help from the employment hpod proad program , which is helped by once.in 2010 , he raced at the tenerife international open . he race at the 2011 ipc european swimming championships in berlin , germany . two times , he was one of the top three swimmers in his races . he finished first in the 5 km open water swim .
patrick barnabas burke mayhew , baron mayhew of twysden ( 11 september 1929 – 25 june 2016 ) was a british barrister and conservative politician.he was member of parliament ( mp ) for the tunbridge wells constituency from its creation at the february 1974 general election , standing down at the 1997 election.he was under - secretary for employment from 1979 - 81 , then minister of state at the home office from 1981 to 1983 . after this he served as solicitor general for england and wales from 1983 - 87 , and then attorney general for england and wales and attorney general for northern ireland from 1987 - 92 . he was secretary of state for northern ireland from 1992 - 97 , the longest anyone has served in this office.mayhew had lived with cancer and parkinson 's disease in his later years . he died on 25 june 2016 from complications from parkinson 's disease , aged 86 .
the following is a list of deaths that should be noted in june 2018 . for deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in , please see " months " . names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym . deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.each listing of a death must have a source . if no reference is included , the death notice will be removed . the following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order : name , age , where they came from , what the person is known for , cause of death ( if known ) and a source .
malikpura urban is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan . it is in the west of the district.malikpura is the one of most populated union councils of abbottabad city / urban area and an old settled area of the municipal committee.many prominent people in the past have been residents of malikpura at one time or the other , including ex-president of pakistan general mohammad ayub khan , justice sajjad ahmad jan , ex-chief minister of nwfp , sahibzada sir abdul qayyum khan , chaudhry mohammad ali ex-vice chancellor of the peshawar university , famous local freedom movement activist jalal - ud - din baba , sheikh ghulam khalid sehgal and others .
" songbird " is a song by english rock band oasis , from their fifth studio album heathen chemistry , and is the first single by oasis written by vocalist liam gallagher.liam has said of the song : " i like beautiful things . . . it 's not all dark in liam world . i take me shades off every now and again and have a look at the world and see some nice things . " noel gallagher stated jokingly in an interview with patrick kielty that liam decided to " write a song about his bird " , and states the title " song . . . bird " in a cave man like manner . the song was written as a tribute to then - fiancée nicole appleton . " songbird " was composed in the key of g major using common time at 132 beats per minute . “ songbird blew my head off when i first heard it because it was that f -- king simple and that direct . but when liam plays you a song he wants you to instantly f -- king drop dead on the spot and then , when you come around , stab yourself in the heart and be in awe of the f -- king sonic ability of the man . ” the song was released as the fourth single from the band 's heathen chemistry album , on 3 february 2003 and peaked at number 3 in the uk charts . it is included on the band 's compilation album stop the clocks . being written by lead singer liam gallagher , it was the first time the band had released a single not written by his brother noel . " ( you 've got ) the heart of the star " and " columbia " are b - sides , the latter of which was recorded live at the glasgow barrowlands , in october 2001 . the demo of the song is a typical oasis approach to the song , featuring overdriven guitar and a stronger beat , as well as a guitar solo . courtney love has said that she and liam played a version with her whistling and gallagher playing guitar and singing , this was noted in the book kurt and courtney : talking . gallagher played the song for uk radio aid in january 2005 .
sayyid jamshid bin abdullah al said , ( ) ( born 16 september 1929 in unguja ) was the last sultan of zanzibar . he ruled zanzibar from 1 july 1963 to 12 january 1964 . on 10 december 1963 , zanzibar received its independence from the united kingdom as a constitutional monarchy under jamshid . this state of affairs was short lived and he was overthrown by the zanzibar revolution.he fled into exile firstly to oman and then to the united kingdom , where , as of 2012 , he continues to live in portsmouth with his wife and six children as the head of the zanzibari royal family and as the sovereign of the order of the brilliant star of zanzibar and the most illustrious order of independence of zanzibar . secondly , he is married to zuleika bin abdullah al aufy .
the transvaal ( lit . " beyond the vaal [ pale river ] " ) is the name of an area of northern south africa . at the start , it made up a great part of the independent boer south african republic . before the anglo - boer war of 1899 - 1902 it became the transvaal colony . it is one of the original provinces of the union of south africa from 1910 until 1994 with capital in pretoria . the province no longer exists , and its territory now forms the provinces of gauteng , limpopo and mpumalanga and part of the north west province . even though it no longer exists as an administrative unit , the transvaal is still a commonly used geographical term and retains its historical meaning .
louis antoine godey ( june 6 , 1804 – november 29 , 1878 ) was founder and publisher of the 19th - century women 's magazine , " godey 's lady 's book " . he was born in poverty in new york city , new york . his parents were survivors of the french revolution . he was mostly self - educated . godey went to work as a paperboy at age 15 , moved to philadelphia , pennsylvania , and went to work for the " daily chronicle " . within a few years , he began publishing his own magazine , " the lady 's book " . contributors included harriet beecher stowe , edgar allan poe , and nathaniel hawthorne . godey also published " the young people ’s book " in 1841 , and the " lady ’s musical library " in 1842 . on august 31 , 1833 , godey married maria duke . they had five children . he retired to st. augustine , florida . he died after a short illness in philadelphia in 1878 .
denis farkasfalvy ( 23 june 1936 – 20 may 2020 ) was a hungarian - american roman catholic priest , theologian and monk . he was of the cistercian order.farkasfalvy was the chaplain to the school sisters of namur . he was made headmaster of cistercian prep in 1969 and ran it for 12 years . he also taught several courses at university level at the university of dallas . he was abbot from 1988 to 2012 . under his leadership , the abbey built a new and monumental church in the trademark cistercian style.farkasfalvy died of covid - 19 on 20 may 2020 in irving , texas , aged 83 .
per fugelli ( 7 december 1943 – 13 september 2017 ) was a norwegian physician and professor of medicine . he was professor at the university of bergen from 1984 to 1992 , and at the university of oslo from 1992 . he was born in stavanger , norway.among his early books are " tilbake til huslegen " from 1975 , " doktor på værøy og røst " from 1977 , and " helsetilstand og helsetjeneste på værøy og røst " from 1978 . he published the essay collections " med sordin og kanon " and " helse og rettferdighet " in 1990 , " 0 - visjonen " in 2003 , and " nokpunktet " in 2008 . fugelli was the editor or co-editor of several works , including " huslegen " from 1985 , " medisinsk leksikon " from 1990 , " medisin og helse " from 1993 , and " verdier og penger i helsetjenesten " from 2009 . fugelli died in jæren , norway on 13 september 2017 at the age of 73 .
jeffrey e. " jeff " cardoni ( born january 1970 ) is an american composer . he can play many different instruments . he studied classical piano before playing drums and guitar in many bands . he was in the rock band alien crime syndicate for a short time . after graduating james m. coughlin high school , cardoni studied engineering at pennsylvania state university between 1988 and 1991 . he is best known for his work on television projects such as " " , " the defenders " , " the league " , and movie scores , such as " just friends " , " firehouse dog " , " miss march " , " open season 3 " and " harold & kumar escape from guantanamo bay " . cardoni performed the music for " open season 3 " .
gene reynolds ( april 4 , 1923 – february 3 , 2020 ) was an american actor turned award - winning television writer , director , and producer . he was one of the producers of the popular tv series " m * a * s * h " . reynolds appeared in " in old chicago " ( 1937 ) , " captains courageous " ( 1937 ) , " love finds andy hardy " ( 1938 ) , " boys town " ( 1938 ) , " they shall have music " ( 1939 ) , " santa fe trail " ( 1940 ) , " eagle squadron " ( 1942 ) and " the country girl " ( 1954 ) and on television series like " i love lucy " , " armstrong circle theatre " , " whirlybirds " , and " hallmark hall of fame " . reynolds died of heart failure on february 3 , 2020 at a hospital in burbank , california at the age of 96 .
arabesque was a disco girl group . it was created in 1977 in frankfurt , west germany . when the trio formed in 1977 , it had members : karen ann tepperis , mary ann nagel and michaela rose . they released a single called , " hello mr. monkey " . it became very successful in asia , especially japan and korea.shortly after the release , mary ann nagel decided to leave the group.her spot was taken by heike rimbeau . in 1978 , they released the successful album , " friday night " . karen ann tepperis had a son in 1978 and left the group . a former gymnast named jasmin vetter replaced her . heike left the group in 1979 due to her pregnancy . a country singer named elke brückheimer replaced heike for a few months . finally in june 1979 , sandra ann lauer was accepted into the group . the trio had members michaela , jasmin and sandra from 1979 , until they split.the first album they released with sandra was " city cats " . in 1980 , they released their most successful album , " marigot bay " . apart from it being popular in asia , it was the first album that was successful in their native country . that same year they released " midnight dancer " . in 1981 , " in for a penny , in for a pound " was released . " caballero " was released in 1982 . their last 3 albums had different musical genres than just disco . " why no reply " , " dance dance dance " and " time to say goodbye " were not as successful as their previous albums . two songs from their last album , " ecstasy " and " time to say goodbye " became very popular in the 1980s . arabesque split up in 1984 because sandra wanted to sing by herself . jasmin and michaela formed their own group called " rouge " . it lasted until 1988 .
problem solving is a mental activity related to intelligence and thinking . it consists of finding solutions to problems . a problem is a situation that needs to be changed . it suggests that the solution is not totally obvious , for then it would not be a problem . a great deal of human life is spent solving problems . social life is based on the notion that together we might solve problems which we could not as individuals.the word " problem " comes from a greek word meaning an " obstacle " ( something that is in your way ) . if someone has a problem , they have to find a way of solving the problem . the way to solve it is called a solution . some problem - solving techniques have been developed and used in artificial intelligence , computer science , engineering , and mathematics . some are related to mental problem - solving techniques studied in gestalt psychology , cognitive psychology . and chess.problems can be classified as ill - defined or well - defined . ill - defined problems are those that do not have clear goals , solution paths , or expected solution . an example is how to face threats which might perhaps be made in the future . well - defined problems have specific goals , clearly defined solution paths , and clear expected solutions . these problems also allow for more initial planning than ill - defined problems.being able to solve problems involves the ability to understand what the goal of the problem is and what rules could be applied to solving the problem . sometimes the problem requires abstract thinking and coming up with a creative solution .
ambyr c. childers ( born july 18 , 1988 ) is an american actress . on television , she is known for her roles as susan atkins in the nbc crime drama " aquarius " ( 2015 ) , ashley rucker in the showtime crime drama " ray donovan " ( 2013 – 16 ) and candace stone in the netflix thriller series " you " ( 2018 – 19 ) . she also appeared as colby chandler in the soap opera " all my children " ( 2006 – 08 ) . she has acted in movies such as " all things fall apart " ( 2011 ) , " playback " ( 2012 ) , " the master " ( 2012 ) , " broken city " ( 2013 ) , " we are what we are " ( 2013 ) and " vice " ( 2015 ) . childers was born in cottonwood , arizona . she grew up in murrieta , california . she was married to movie producer randall emmett from 2009 to 2017 . the couple have two daughters .
dyfed ( pronounced " durv - ed " ) is one of the eight preserved counties of wales.it was created on 1 april 1974 when cardiganshire , carmarthenshire and pembrokeshire came together . in 1996 , it was abolished and cardiganshire , carmarthenshire and pembrokeshire were made into seperate counties once again . the next day , cardiganshire was renamed to its current name , ceredigion.it was a very rural county and was located in the south - west of wales . it had a border on the irish sea and the bristol channel . it bordered gwynedd to the north , powys to the east and west glamorgan to the south - east.the county 's county town was carmarthen but the largest town was llanelli . the university town of aberystwyth was also inside the county.the name dyfed is still used today , for example in the name dyfed – powys police .
irena szewińska , née kirszenstein ( ; 24 may 1946 – 29 june 2018 ) was a soviet - born polish sprinter . she was born in leningrad . she was jewish . she was the only athlete in history , male or female , to have held the world record in the 100m , the 200m and the 400m . she won three gold medals at the 1964 olympics in tokyo , 1968 olympics in mexico city and at the 1976 olympics in montreal . she also won two olympic silver medals in 1964 and two olympic bronze medals in 1968 and 1972 . szewińska died at a military hospital in warsaw on 29 june 2018 from endometrial cancer at the age of 72 .
pakistan international airlines flight 740 was a hajj pilgrimage flight of pakistan international airlines from kano , nigeria to karachi , pakistan with a stop in jeddah , saudi arabia . on 26 november 1979 , the boeing 707 - 340c serving the route crashed shortly after takeoff from jeddah international airport . all 156 people on board died . before the crash , the pilot radioed a request to return to jeddah because smoke was coming into the cabin and cockpit . 15 minutes later , jeddah control tower heard the pilot shout " mayday ! mayday ! " before the radio went silent . the cause of the crash was a fire.the crash is the third worst plane crash in saudi arabia and also the third worst crash of a boeing 707 .
charlotte jeanne béraud de la haye de riou ( 4 october 1738 – 6 february 1806 ) was a mistress of louis philippe d'orléans , duke of orléans , and later his wife . however , louis xv would not allow her to become the duchess . she is known simply as madame de montesson . for her husband 's fun and her own , she set up a small theatre and wrote many plays , in which she acted . she was a friend of joséphine de beauharnais . she married twice but had no children . in 1770 , a small home was built in paris for her use . the building was called the hôtel de montesson . it was destroyed by fire in 1810 .
the donna reed show is an american sitcom television series . it aired on abc from 1958 to 1966 . the show stars donna reed as donna stone , a housewife , carl betz as alex stone , a pediatrician ( baby doctor ) , shelley fabares as their teenage daughter mary , and paul petersen as their son jeff . mary left for college in the show 's fifth year and paul petersen 's real life little sister patty petersen joined the show as trisha , a child the stones adopt . bob crane and ann mccrea joined the show in its last years as stone family friends dave and midge kelsey.the show focuses on an upper middle class american family . donna is a somewhat idealized housewife who capably handles any problems or situations that come her way . the show had many famous guest stars : singers james darren and lesley gore , actor george hamilton , swimmer and actress esther williams , lassie as her tv character , sports stars don drysdale and willie mays , buster keaton , and jay north as his tv character dennis the menace . reed won the 1963 golden globe best female tv star award .
grant almerin tinker ( january 11 , 1926 – november 28 , 2016 ) was an american television producer and executive.he was the former chairman and ceo of nbc from 1981 to 1986 . he is the co-founder of mtm enterprises . tinker was the former husband of actress mary tyler moore . after leaving nbc , tinker tried to repeat his success with mtm enterprises by forming gtg ( grant tinker - gannett ) entertainment but the business venture failed and the company closed in 1990 . tinker was born in stamford , connecticut . his parents were margaret ( née hessin ) and arthur almerin tinker . tinker died on november 28 , 2016 of natural causes in los angeles , california , aged 90 .
" you suffer " is a song by the british grindcore band napalm death . it is from their debut album , " scum " . " guinness book of records " has mentioned the song as the shortest recorded song ever . it is precisely 1.316 seconds long.the song was written by band members nicholas bullen and justin broadrick . this was during the sessions for the " from enslavement to obliteration " demo recording in march 1986 . the song is featured on the album " scum " , released in 1987 . according to broadrick , " you suffer " was meant as a joke . he called it " retarded " , " ridiculous " but " hilarious " . he added that they played the song " in front of 30 local kids , like , every weekend . " for about thirty times.nic bullen said that the short length of the song was inspired by wehrmacht 's 1985 song " e ! " zak smith quotes the lyrics to the song , which he describes as the " " shortest " punk song on the subject of suffering ( or any subject ) " at the conclusion of his memoir " we did porn " .
the egoz ( , literally : " walnut " , originally : " pisces " ) was a ship that sank in the mediterranean sea on 10 january 1961 . it was carrying 44 jewish emigrants sailing from morocco . it also carried one israeli that was deputy of the israeli government , and two spanish crew members . only 22 bodies were found . they were buried at a jewish cemetery in morocco . in 1992 , the 22 bodies were buried in the national civil cemetery of the state of israel at mount herzl in jerusalem . an empty grave was built to honor the people who were never found . a memorial for all of the victims was built beside the graves .
ngc 6193 is an open cluster of 27 stars in the constellation of ara . it is about 3,765 light - years away , and it can be seen by eye from earth.ngc 6193 lies at the centre of the ara ob1 association . the cluster radiates energy to the nearby regions of the nebulosity ngc 6188 . at its centre are two o class multiple star systems within 10 " of each other , and a probable binary b0 giant . these are very hot large stars . they are part of the multiple star system hd 150136 . there are four stars which are each 36 to 63 times more massive than the sun , 6 to ten times hotter , and each is more than 10,000 times as bright ( luminosity ) as the sun .
the rohingya language is a language that is spoken by approximately 1 million in arakan ( which is in burma ) , half a million in makkah , jeddah , and madinah of saudi arabia , 300,000 in karachi and pakistan , 200,000 in cox 's bazaar district of bangladesh ( 2006 ) , 30,000 in malaysia , and others in thailand , uae and india . it has many alternate names , including : rohinga , rohinja , ruaingga , arakani , and arakanese . the rohingya language is related to the bengali language . the rohingya language uses a lot of words from other languages , like arabic and english . this is due to history ( the rohingya are muslim and arabic is an important language in their religion , islam ) and culture ( they interacted with the english and many other different groups ) .
the covid - 19 pandemic in saint kitts and nevis is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 ( covid - 19 ) , which was confirmed to have reached saint kitts and nevis on 24 march 2020 . on 24 march 2020 . a 21 - year - old male and a 57 - year - old female that arrived in the federation from new york city became the first two confirmed cases of covid - 19 . both are nationals of st kitts and nevis.on 31 march 2020 , full lockdown went into effect . from 19:00 31 march until 06:00 3 april there is a 24 - hour curfew . the lockdown was later extended to 07:00 9 april , and further extended to 18 april with two days of partial lockdown in order to buy essential goods . the lockdown was once again extended to 25 april.on 3 may 2020 , it was reported that 2,000 people will have received benefits from the covid - 19 emergency relief fund . people who did not qualify in april will still benefit .
funk metal is a subgenre of funk rock that fuses elements of heavy metal and funk . allmusic has claimed that , " funk metal evolved in the mid - '80s when alternative bands like the red hot chili peppers , faith no more , infectious grooves , mordred and fishbone began playing the hybrid with a stronger funk underpinning than metal . " faith no more have also been described as funk metal that dabbled in rap - metal.rage against the machine 's mix of funk and metal not only included rap , but also elements of punk rock . primus , a band that has never had a clear genre , have been called things such as " thrash metal - funk meets don knotts , jr.living colour have been cited by " rolling stone " as " black - funk - metal pioneers . " certain bands not from an alternative background , such as bang tango and extreme , have also frequently incorporated funk into their musical style .
a transfer case is a part of the drivetrain of four - wheel drive , all - wheel drive , and other multiple powered axle vehicles . typically a transfer case is used to engage ( and disengage ) the four - wheel drive function . when disengaged , most four - wheel drive systems operate in two wheel drive ( engaging just the rear axle and wheels ) . for that reason two - wheel drive vehicles do not need a transfer case.the transfer case transfers the power from the transmission to the front and rear axles by means of drive shafts . the transfer case synchronizes the rotation of the front and rear wheels so they turn at exactly the same speed . it usually contains two or more sets of gears . it has a 1:1 ratio drive ( usually called high range ) for normal city and highway use . then it contains a low range gear for off - road use . a common low range gear ratios is 2.72:1 . that means for every 2.72 rotations of the transmission output shaft , the transfer case will turn both driveshafts 1 rotation . the jeep wrangler rubicon model uses a 4:1 low range gearing .
edwin frederick kagin , ( november 26 , 1940 – march 27 , 2014 ) was an american lawyer . he was a founder of camp quest which was the first secular summer camp in the united states for the children of secularists , atheists , agnostics , brights , skeptics , naturalists and freethinkers . he was also the national legal director of american atheists from 2006 until his death in 2014 . he was born in greenville , south carolina.kagin 's wife died in 2010 . he died from heart disease on march 27 , 2014 in union , kentucky . he was 73 years old . he was cremated . he was outlived by his four adult children .
the corporation was a professional wrestling stable in the world wrestling federation ( wwf ) . the team was led by mr. mcmahon and then later by shane mcmahon . the corporation had a corrupt attitude towards rebellious wrestlers . the stable lasted from november 16 , 1998 until april 29 , 1999 . the corporation would feud with the likes of stone cold steve austin , mankind , d - generation x , the union , and the ministry of darkness . the corporation would eventually merge with the ministry of darkness and form the corporate ministry . during their time in the corporation , the rock was a three - time wwf champion , shane mcmahon was a one - time wwf european champion , big boss man was a one - time wwf hardcore champion , ken shamrock was a one - time wwf intercontinental champion , and big boss man and ken shamrock were one - time wwf tag team champions .
a cockpit is the open space , normally near the front of an aircraft , where a pilot controls the aircraft . a different name for the cockpit is the flight deck , flight deck can also refer to the flight deck on an aircraft carrier . current cockpits have walls on all sides , this may not be the same for some small aircraft , and cockpits on aircraft with passengers have the cockpit separated from the passenger area of the aircraft . motorboats also have cockpits.cockpit as a term for the pilot 's space in an aircraft first appeared in 1914 . from about 1935 cockpit also came to be used informally to refer to the driver 's seat of a car , especially a high performance one , and this is official terminology in formula one . the term is most likely related to the sailing term for the coxswain 's station in a royal navy ship , and later the location of the ship 's rudder controls .
philip warren anderson ( december 13 , 1923 – march 29 , 2020 ) was an american physicist . anderson created and helped prove theories such as localization , antiferromagnetism , symmetry breaking , high - temperature superconductivity . he wrote many things about the emergent phenomena.anderson was born in indianapolis , indiana . he was raised in urbana , illinois . anderson studied at harvard university.anderson was an atheist and was one of 22 nobel laureates who signed the humanist manifesto.he was awarded the nobel prize in physics in 1977 and the national medal of science in 1982 . anderson died on march 29 , 2020 in princeton , new jersey , aged 96 .
jeu de paume was originally a french game similar to lawn tennis , but played without racquets . the players hit the ball with their hands as in volleyball . " jeu de paume " literally means : game of palm ( of the hand ) . after some time gloves replaced bare hands . but even when bats , and finally racquets , became standard equipment for the game , the name did not change . it became known as " tennis " in english ( see history of tennis ) , and later " real tennis " after lawn tennis became more popular than the parent game.some important buildings in france are known by the name " jeu de paume " , in general because they are near to tennis courts or to sites on which courts once stood . several works of art also bear this name , including the famous " serment du jeu de paume " ( ' the tennis court oath ' ) in the palace of versailles . it depicts the formal announcement of the french revolution made in the royal tennis court there on 20 june , 1789 .
observation is an activity of an intelligent living being ( e.g . human ) , which senses and assimilates the knowledge of a phenomenon in its framework of previous knowledge and ideas.observation is more than the bare act of observing : observation requires observing and seeking knowledge.observations that come from self - defining instruments are often unreliable . such observations are hard to reproduce because they may vary even with respect to the same stimuli . thus they are not of much use in exact sciences like physics which require instruments which do not define themselves . it is thus often necessary to use various engineered instruments like : spectrometers , oscilloscopes , cameras , telescopes , interferometers , tape recorders , thermometers etc . and tools like clocks , scale that help in improving the , quality and utility of the information obtained from an observation.the accuracy and tremendous success of science is primarily attributed to the accuracy and objectivity ( i.e . repeatability ) of observation of the reality that science explores .
areopagitica is a book written by english poet john milton in 1644 . he wrote it to protest against censorship . its full title is " areopagitica : a speech of mr. john milton for the liberty of unlicensed printing to the parliament of england " . today , his book is called a tract . in the tract , milton tries to defend the freedom of expression . today , many people see it as one of the best defenses of the freedom of press ever written.the tract is named after a speech by isocrates , a greek orator of the 5th century . the areopagus is a hill in athens , where many councils and tribunals were held . isocrates wanted to restore one of these tribunals when he wrote the speech . in the speech , milton argued that the licensing order of 1643 should be abolished ; censorship had not been part of greek or roman societies . milton uses many passages from the bible to strengthen his argument . milton had been censored himself when he tried to publish tracts which were in favor of allowing people to get divorced.in " areopagitica " , milton argues that the status that was there before had worked best : by this law , all publications needed an authors name or that of a publisher . according to milton , it is easy to find the authors or the publishers with this system . so if anything libelous is published , the books can still be destroyed after the fact .
the weinviertel ( " wine quarter " ) , also called the viertel unter dem manhartsberg ( " quarter below the manhartsberg " ) , is a region in the austrian state of lower austria.the weinviertel is the most northeastern part of ( lower ) austria . it lies above the danube river and borders both the czech republic and slovakia . the city / state of vienna lies in the south.it consists of low hills , which form the most western spur of the carpathian mountains.it is well - known for its winegrowing ( the biggest of austria ) . the maximum temperature in july and august is about 24 ° c.the weinviertel comprises the following districts : and :
angel food cake is an example of cake that became popular in the united states in the 19th century . it is also called angel cake . it is very light and fluffy . because of this , it is named angel cake because it is said to be " food for the angels . " angel food cake needs the egg whites to be whipped until they are stiff , and carefully folded into the other ingredients . for this method of " leavening " to work well , it is helpful to have flour that has been made of softer wheat . this causes angel food cake to have a very light texture and taste . angel food cake should be cut with a serrated knife , as a solid blade tends to compress the cake rather than cut it.some cooks like alton brown add aromatic spices to angel food cake .
the scottish premier league ( known as the clydesdale bank premier league or spl ) was a professional competition for football clubs . it was the top level of the scottish football league system . in 2013 the scottish premier league was replaced by the scottish premiership as scotland 's top football competition.in scotland , watching the spl is more popular than watching the top football leagues in any other european country . the scottish premier league is currently twentieth in the uefa rankings of european leagues , which are based on the how well the participating clubs play in all european competitions . eighteen clubs have played in the spl since it began in 1998 , but only two have won the title : the old firm of celtic and rangers both seven times .
the holden monaro was a sports car created by holden . it was produced between 1968 and 1977 and again between 2001 and 2006 . the monaro was named after a region of new south wales.the 1968 monaro came in 7 different models , ranging from a straight - six cylinder engine up to a v8 engine . the monaro had eight different models over two generations.the hk , ht and hg , were first generation models . it was also sold in south africa as the chevrolet ss . the hq , hj , hx , hx limited edition and hz gts form the second generation.the 2001 monaro came in two models over four years , with both platforms being based holden commodore that was produced at the time . it came with a 3.8 - litre supercharged v6 engine or a 5.7 - litre v8 engine . it was also sold in the united states as the pontiac gto and in england as the vauxhall monaro . it was also modified by holden special vehicles and sold as the hsv coupé .
pir sultan abdal ( ca . 1480 - 1550 ) was an alevit poet . alevits are the members of the alevitism , a faith community in islam . he lived in turkey and wrote his poems in turkish . in his poems , he used a direct and clear language . the richness of his thoughts and the beauty of his writing made him very popular to the turks and kurds and also the members of the suni sect of islam . pir sultan abdal wrote about the social , cultural and religious life of the people . he was a humanist , and wrote about love , peace , death and god . he was also rebellious against ottoman empire .
human resources is all the people working for a company or organization . sometimes , human capital is used as well . this is because employees ( the people that work ) are a good thing for a business because they add value to it.examples are teachers , etc.it is important that human resources in a company are the best possible , because it is the workers that can make the difference . there are many factors to think about when talking of human resources : human resources management is the group of people within a company that takes care of human resources . they make sure every employee is happy with what they are doing . they also do recruitment ( finding new people for a job ) .
arshile gorky ( born vostanik adoyan ; april 15 , 1905 – july 21 , 1948 ) was an armenian - born american painter.gorky had a seminal influence on abstract expressionism and surrealism . gorky was born in the village of khorgom , situated on the shores of lake van ( vana lij ) . it is not known exactly when he was born : it was sometime between 1903 and 1905 . in later years arshile gorky was vague about even the date of his birth , changing it from year to year . in 1910 his father emigrated to america to avoid the draft , leaving his family behind in the town of van ( armenia ) .
lewis gilbert , cbe ( 6 march 1920 – 23 february 2018 ) was a british movie director , producer and screenwriter . he has directed more than 40 movies during six decades.he is known for his movies ; " reach for the sky " ( 1956 ) , " sink the bismarck ! " ( 1960 ) , " alfie " ( 1966 ) , " educating rita " ( 1983 ) and " shirley valentine " ( 1989 ) , as well as three james bond movies : " you only live twice " ( 1967 ) , " the spy who loved me " ( 1977 ) and " moonraker " ( 1979 ) . gilbert was born in london , england . he died at home in monaco on 23 february 2018 , aged 97 .
" good as hell " is a song recorded by american singer lizzo , taken from her ep , " coconut oil " . it was released on march 11 , 2016 , and was written by lizzo with its producer , ricky reed . the song talks about moving on from a bad relationship and feeling good in one 's own skin.after " truth hurts " reached number one on the " billboard " hot 100 in 2019 , " good as hell " became another sleeper hit , going to number three on the hot 100 , number one on the pop songs airplay chart , and number four on the rhythmic chart . it reached number 10 in canada.lizzo released a remix of the song with singer ariana grande on october 25 , 2019 .
recruitment is the process of finding new people to do a job . for a company or organization , it is important to choose the right people from the beginning . this is because human resources are often a very important part of a business.recruitment has many different steps . first , the company needs to advertise that it has a job available . people then send an application . this usually includes a curriculum vitae , which is a summary of what a person has done until now in their life . the best applicants are selected and they come for an interview . this might also include some further tests or exercises to do . the person chosen is then given an offer of a job . finally , they can choose to take it or not.there are many ways of doing recruitment . some companies go to consultants , who know where and how to find the best people . universities and schools often have a group of people that tells the students about getting a job . at other times , a company might really want a person that is very good at a job but works for another company . they can then ask directly to this person , maybe offering more money . facebook , twitter and linkedin are also sometimes used by people looking for a job .
hydrofluoric acid ( hf ) is a solution of hydrogen fluoride in water . its chemical formula is hf . it is a very dangerous acid , being very corrosive and extremely toxic . it can dissolve glass to make hexafluorosilicic acid . if it gets on the skin , it can kill you . it is made by reacting fluorite with sulfuric acid . it is used in the processing of petroleum . it is also used to make various other chemicals containing fluorine , such as teflon ( the coating in a frying pan ) , freon ( the cooling agent in an air conditioner ) , and fluorocarbons ( used as propellants in aerosol cans ) . it is used to clean metals . it is very toxic because it bonds with calcium ions in the body and makes them so they can not be used . as an acid , it can be deprotonated to produce fluorides , which are also the salts of hydrofluoric acid.if someone gets hydrofluoric acid on them , medical attention is needed , as just small amounts are very toxic . ( flesh eater )
ferenc koncz ( 2 october 1959 – 10 july 2020 ) was a hungarian teacher and politician . he was a member of the national assembly ( mp ) for szerencs ( borsod - abaúj - zemplén county constituency xi ) from 2010 to 2014 and for tiszaújváros ( borsod - abaúj - zemplén county constituency vi ) from 2018 until his death.he was also a member of parliament from the fidesz borsod - abaúj - zemplén county between 1998 and 2002 , and from the party 's national list from 2004 to 2006 . he was mayor of szerencs from 2010 to 2018 . he was a member of fidesz.koncz was killed in a car crash on 10 july 2020 in bekecs , hungary at the age of 60 .
the malay race is a race that was first proposed by the german scientist johann friedrich blumenbach ( 1752 – 1840 ) . blumenbach described five races , and classified them by the colour of people 's skin . the malay race was classified as the brown race . since blumenbach , many anthropologists have rejected his theory of five races . most agree that classifying races is more complicated than blumenbach allowed for . the malay race are considered the aborigines of the malay archipelago , determined by their archeological foundings dated as far as 1 ad within the malay archipelago.the term " malay race " was often used in the late 19th century and early 20th century to describe the austronesian peoples .
jim schwartz is an american football head coach for the detroit lions of the national football league . a maryland native , schartz eventually rose to notable coaching positions . before the 2009 nfl season , schartz left his post as the defensive coordinator of the tennessee titans and became the head coach of the detroit lions , who went 0 - 16 the year before . sschartz got detroit to the playoffs in 2011 . in a game against the san francisco 49ers ( 49ers win ) in 2011 , a postgame handshake made national news . in the game , san francisco head coach jim harbaugh challenged a scoring play . however , under nfl rules , scoring plays are always reviewed . schwartz reportedly screamed a curse . after the 49ers won , the coaches went to midfield to shake hands . however , schwartz accused harbaugh of " smacking his back and shaking his hand too hard . " shartz chased harbaugh down the field , and they had to be separated . this is often called " the handshake game . "
the thermal efficiency ( formula_1 ) is a dimensionless performance measure of a thermal device such as an internal combustion engine , a boiler , or a furnace , for example.the input , formula_2 , to the device is heat , or the heat - content of a fuel that is consumed . the desired output is mechanical work , formula_3 , or heat , formula_4 , or possibly both . because the input heat normally has a real financial cost , a memorable , generic definition of thermal efficiency isformula_5from the first and second law of thermodynamics , the output can not exceed what is input , soformula_6when expressed as a percentage , the thermal efficiency must be between 0 % and 100 % . due to inefficiencies such as friction , heat loss , and other factors , thermal efficiencies are typically much less than 100 % . for example , a typical gasoline automobile engine operates at around 25 % thermal efficiency , and a large coal - fueled electrical generating plant peaks at about 36 % . in a combined cycle plant thermal efficiencies are approaching 60 % .
doris hart ( june 20 , 1925 – may 29 , 2015 ) was an american tennis player . she played singles and doubles and was ranked in the world top ten from 1946 through 1955 , becoming world no . 1 during 1951 . she won four australian championships , ten french championships , ten wimbledon titles , and eleven u.s. championships . in total , she had 35 grand slam titles before retiring in 1955 . hart was born in st. louis , missouri . as a child , she suffered from osteomyelitis which left her with an impaired right leg . she also attended the university of miami . she never married or had children.hart died on may 29 , 2015 in coral gables , florida . she was 89 .
nguyễn tấn dũng ( born 17 november 1949 ) is a vietnamese politician who was prime minister ofthe socialist republic of vietnam from 27 june 2006 to his retirement in 2016 . he was elected to the post by national assembly and nominated by his predecessor phan văn khải who retired from office.nguyễn tấn dũng became member of the communist party of vietnam on 10 june 1967 . he became member of the politburo of the party in 1996 . he became deputy prime minister of vietnam in 1997 . in 1998 he served as the governor of the state bank of vietnam . he was elected prime minister on 27 june 2006 after his predecessor prime minister phan văn khải decided to retire . he was re-elected on 25 july 2011 . in 7 april 2016 he was n't able to maintain his post in the party and stepped down from his position as prime minister .
henderson 's boys is a series of young adult spy books . it was written by english author robert muchamore . the series follows charles henderson , the creator of a fictional espionage organisation cherub and is set in the 1940s , during world war ii . henderson goes on various adventures , helped by children . henderson 's boys is a spin - off of the popular " cherub " series , which is about the same organisation in modern times . there are seven books in the series . these are " the escape " , " eagle day " , " secret army " , " grey wolves " , " the prisoner " , " one shot kill " and " scorched earth " .
queanbeyan river , a perennial stream in new south wales , australia . it is part of the molonglo catchment . the catchment is in the murray - darling basin . the river is in the monaro and capital country regions of new south wales . the river is in length . the river catchment is . the queanbeyan river and the cotter river meet the potable water supply needs of the canberra and queanbeyan region . the two regions ' water quality is protected under federal legislation.it is said the aboriginal ngarigo people used a word that sounded like " queanbeyan " to name the river . the word meant " clearwater " .
sylvia celeste shoemaker ( known as sylvia browne ; october 19 , 1936 – november 20 , 2013 ) was an american writer and a self - acclaimed psychic . her predictions began around 1974 . she appears on talk shows . she has had her own hour - long radio talk show . in march 2011 , sylvia had a heart attack while in the hawaiian islands.browne has been the subject of frequent criticism for making psychic predictions that were later proven false . these have included several predictions related to missing persons , most notably shawn hornbeck and amanda berry.she was born in kansas city , missouri . browne was jewish . < ref name = " cnn0103 / 06 " > < / ref > browne made many wrong predictions . she predicted that president barack obama would not be re-elected as president of the united states . ( in september , she made a different prediction that obama would be re-elected . ) obama won the presidential election in november with 51.06 % of the national popular vote and 62 % of the electoral college.in may 2003 , she told larry king in an interview that she would die at the age of 88 . browne died on november 20 , 2013 in san jose , california from heart failure with her husband and children by her side , aged 77 .
sigmar hartmut gabriel ( born september 12 , 1959 in goslar ) is a german politician of the spd.he has been vice chancellor from 2013 to 2018 and foreign minister from 2017 to 2018 . he has also been a member of the bundestag ( german parliament ) since 2005 . previously he was party chair from 2009 to 2017 , federal minister of economy and energy ( 2013 - 2017 ) , federal minister of environment , nature conservation and nuclear safety ( 2005 - 2009 ) , and prime minister of lower saxony ( 1999 - 2003 ) . gabriel studied politics , sociology and german at the university of göttingen.in december 5 , 2017 german foreign minister sigmar gabriel speech at korber foundation , warned iran nuclear deal collapse , cause could leads to military conflict , he stand with european union assertive , between trump administration and world leader effective that impact relation , between country . he said in statement , " us will never be same " " the world is no longer a global community but an arena and also a battleground in which nations , nonstate actors and companies fight over advantages , " . he is a lutheran .
rafflesia is a genus of flowering plants . they are found in southeastern asia , on the malay peninsula , borneo , sumatra , thailand and the philippines . they are the biggest single flowers in the world . in one species the flowers can be over a meter ( three feet ) across.the flowers smell like a dead animal , which attracts flies . the flies , which normally lay their eggs on rotten flesh , pollinate the " rafflesia " when they get inside . " rafflesia " is a parasite , and does not use chlorophyll . the plant has no stem , leaves or true roots . it lives inside vines of the genus " tetrastigma " ( vitaceae ) . it spreads its absorptive organ , the haustorium , inside the tissue of the vine . the only part of the plant that can be seen outside the host vine is the flower .
special branch is the british police force which works mostly for the security services , especially mi5 . it has had various changes of name , while its function has stayed much the same.it was formed in london in 1883 . branches were formed in ireland ( before the republic of ireland was founded ) and later northern ireland . the metropolitan police had their own special branch , until it was merged with the metropolitan police anti-terrorist branch ( so13 ) to form counter terrorism command or so15 in 2006 . the main function for all these branches was to collect evidence and arrest the enemies of the united kingdom who lived on home territory . historically , these have been the ira ( and its splinter braches ) , soviet and russian intelligence agents , and islamic extremists and terrorists.special branch has contact with the security service and the home office . they use the prefix " detective " in front of their ranks , and are governed by the same laws as the general police . under british law , mi5 officers are not permitted actually to lay hands on members of the public . observations , wire taps ( " lawful interception " ) , arrests , interrogations and preparing cases for prosecution are usually done by the special branch.special branch have responsibility for the personal protection of ( non-royal ) vips , and are examining officers at designated ports and airports , as prescribed by the terrorism act 2000 . the intelligence work of special branch sits somewhere between that of the security service and that of the metropolitan police anti-terrorist branch ( so13 ) . it was announced , in september 2005 , that the metropolitan police special branch would be merging with the anti-terrorism branch of the metropolitan police to form a new department called counter terrorism command . the new department came into being on 2 october 2006 . most , if not all uk police services still maintain a special branch . strathclyde police had a special branch until it was renamed the counter terrorist intelligence section .
the flag of arkansas , also known as the arkansas flag , consists of a red field charged with a large blue - bordered white lozenge ( or diamond ) . twenty - nine five - pointed stars appear on the flag : twenty - five small white stars within the blue border , and four larger blue stars in the white diamond . the inscription " arkansas " appears in blue within the white lozenge , with one star above and three stars below . the star above and the two outer stars below point upwards ; the inner star below points downwards . it was designed by willie hocker of wabbaseka , a member of the pine bluff chapter of the daughters of the american revolution ( dar ) .
activex is a system for managing computer . it controls the " dll " ( dynamic - link library ) that can be used as a shared data over the applications . activex is a type of library in the file dll.in any of operating systems , such as linux , mac or the microsoft windows , data files have the same kind of file format as that of the dynamic - link library . they can be called a resource dll . examples of such dlls include icon libraries , sometimes having the extension icl , and the font files , having the extensions fon and fot . for example , activex is well - known for use in web browsers .
adam lyons schlesinger ( october 31 , 1967 – april 1 , 2020 ) was an american singer - songwriter , record producer , and guitarist . he won three emmys , a grammy , and the ascap pop music award . he was nominated for an oscar , tony award and golden globe for best original song in 1997 . his best known work was writing and co-producing the title song to " that thing you do ! " . he composed " master of the seas " for " " performed by jennifer lopez , peter dinklage and others . he wrote and produced three songs for " music and lyrics " . he also wrote " stacy 's mom " . he was a founding member of the bands fountains of wayne , ivy , and tinted windows . he is a key songwriter and producer for brooklyn - based synth - pop duo fever high.schlesinger grew up in manhattan and montclair , new jersey . he studied at williams college.on march 31 , 2020 , schlesinger was diagnosed with covid - 19 and hospitalized under critical condition . he died from the infection the following day in poughkeepsie , new york at the age of 52 .
cheondoism ( korean cheondogyo ; hanja 天道教 ; hangul 천도교 ; literally " religion of the heavenly way " ) is korean traditional religion which began during the last year of joseon dynasty . it was found in 1860 by choe je - u , the first religious sect leader of cheondoism . at first , he named this religion donghak , or eastern learning in opposition to western learning . in 1905 , the name was change to cheondogyo by the third leader , son byeong - hui . in period of japanese occupation , it made an effort to lead korea 's independence movement against japanese colonial rule and expand it 's congregation . today , cheondoism exerts less strong influence than before .
a doll is a child 's toy that looks like a baby or other human being . dolls have been around since the beginning of human civilization , and have been made from many different types of materials , like stone , clay , wood , bone , cloth and paper , to porcelain , china , rubber and plastic.while dolls are usually for children , they are also collected by adults , for remembering things from the past , their beauty , their historical importance or their financial value ( being worth money ) . in ancient times , dolls were used as symbols of a deity ( god ) , and played an important role in religious ceremonies and rituals.lifelike or anatomically correct dolls are used by health professionals , medical schools , and social workers to train doctors and nurses in different health procedures or to find out about cases of sexual abuse of children . artists sometimes use jointed mannequins or ball - jointed dolls in drawing the human body . action figures are types of dolls that represent superheroes and military people are particularly popular among boys . there are baby dolls , paper dolls , rag dolls , talking dolls , fashion dolls and many others .
urartian is the name for the language spoken by the people of the ancient kingdom of urartu in northeast anatolia ( present - day turkey ) , in the region of lake van.urartian was a language isolate , which was neither semitic nor indo - european , but a member of the hurro - urartian family.there is a hypothesis that suggests that besides the cuneiform inscriptions of the urartian language , urartu had a native hieroglyphic writing system . armenian scientist artak movsisyan published a partial attempt deciphering of urartian hieroglyphs , saying that they were written in an early form of armenian .
angelo raffaele sodano ( born 23 november 1927 ) is an italian cardinal of the roman catholic church . he was dean of the college of cardinals from 2005 to 2019 . he was born in isola d'asti , piedmont.he was cardinal secretary of state from 1991 to 2006 , under both popes john paul ii and benedict xvi . on 27 april 2005 , he was elected to succeed benedict xvi as dean of the college of cardinals by his fellow cardinal bishops . sodano was the first person since 1828 to serve as dean and secretary of state at the same time.on 22 june 2006 , benedict xvi accepted sodano 's resignation as secretary of state on 15 september 2006 . he was replaced by tarcisio bertone , then archbishop of genoa.on 21 december 2019 , the legion of christ discovered that sodano was the one who led efforts to cover up the reports of abuse when he was serving as secretariat of state . sodano was accused of seeking a deal to bury documents detailing abuse . the same day , pope francis accepted sodano 's resignation as dean of the college of cardinals .
lewis michael " lew " eisenberg ( born 1942 ) is an jewish - american financier , investor and philanthropist.eisenberg is known for co-founding and heading a private equity firm , granite capital international group l.p. lewis eisenberg has a relation in american political fundraising circles . he is most notable for the various national , state , and bi-state appointments he held throughout his career , specifically as the chairman of the port authority of new york and new jersey at the time of the september 11 , 2001 attack of the world trade center , which the port authority operated.in january 2017 , eisenberg was named as president donald trump 's ambassador to italy . he was confirmed by the senate on august 3 , 2017 .
aquarius is a constellation of the zodiac . it sits between capricornus and pisces . its name is latin for " water - carrier " or " cup - carrier " , and its symbol is ( unicode ♒ ) , which represents water . the astronomer ptolemy listed aquarius when he made a list of 48 constellations . it is also one of the 88 modern constellations.aquarius is a constellation also known as the water bearer and was a servant to the gods . he was also a human at one time . he was the son of king tors . when he was human , his name was ganymede . usually when you see him in the sky , you can see him pouring water into the mouth of a fish ; or pisces.there is a story of ganymede when he was watching over his father ’s sheep , he was captured and held captive by the goddess of the dawn.in another version of the story , zeus is captured by ganymede . than zeus calls over his pet eagle to grab ganymede and take him to the top of mount olympus and serve as a servant to the gods.one man named robert graves thought that the origin of aquarius was in egypt . he thought that aquarius represented the nile river . he also thought that aquarius was the god of the nile . the nile is just a river , but robert thought that the river was water pouring out of aquarius ’ jar to make the nile.as a constellation , he comes after the constellation capricornus just by one month and is south of the constellation pegasus and north of pisces , the brightest star in the night sky .
walther gottlieb louis leisler kiep ( 5 january 1926 – 9 may 2016 ) was a german politician . he was a member of the christian democratic union ( cdu ) . he was a member of the bundestag between 1965 and 1976 and again from 1980 to 1982 . after switching to state - level politics , he served as minister of economy ( 1976 – 77 ) and minister of finance ( 1976 – 80 ) in lower saxony under ernst albrecht . in 1982 , kiep was the leading candidate for the cdu in two state elections in hamburg . from 1971 until 1992 , he was treasurer of his party at the federal level.kiep died on 9 may 2016 in his home in kronberg im taunus in hesse of pneumonia , aged 90 .
" rap god " is a 2013 hip hop song by the american rapper eminem . it is the third single from his eighth studio album " the marshall mathers lp 2 " which was released on november 5 , 2013 . eminem raps 97 words in 15 seconds ( an average of 6.5 words per second ) in a verse that starts 4:26 into the song . he described this as " supersonic speed " : the song has been praised for eminem 's rapping speed and his lyrical ability.it was ranked # 14 on complex 's list of the 50 best songs of 2013 and it was ranked # 15 on rolling stone 's list of the 100 best songs of 2013 .
james allan black ( born june 1 , 1977 in franklin , tennessee ) is an american professional wrestler who is better known by the ring name , james storm and is currently signed to total nonstop action wrestling where he was once one - half of the wrestling stable , " beer money , inc. " with robert roode . storm is a seven - time nwa world tag team champion with chris harris ( six ) and christopher daniels ( one ) , five - time and current tna world tag team champion with gunner ( one and current ) and robert roode ( four ) , and two - time world beer drinking champion . storm also won the asylum alliance tag team tournament in 2003 with harris , the team 3d invitational tag team tournament in 2009 with roode and the tna tag team championship series in 2010 with roode .
robert charles kerman ( december 16 , 1947 – december 27 , 2018 ) was an american actor . he appeared in pornographic movies in the 1970s and 1980s . kerman was born in new york city . his nickname was r. bolla . he was in 100 pornographic movies , but famously in " debbie does dallas " ( 1978 ) . he also appeared in non-pornographic movies such as " the goodbye girl " ( 1977 ) , " the concorde ... airport '79 " , " cannibal holocaust " and " cannibal ferox " . in the 2000s , kerman played a sea captain in sam raimi 's " spider - man " , and dr. monroe in the drama short " vic " . kerman died in new york city on december 27 , 2018 at the age of 71 .
a java virtual machine ( jvm ) is a set of computer software programs and data structures which use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts . the model used by a jvm accepts a form of computer intermediate language commonly referred to as java bytecode.java virtual machines operate on java bytecode , which is normally ( but not necessarily ) generated from java source code ; a jvm can also be used to implement programming languages other than java.the jvm is an important component of the java platform . because jvms are available for many hardware and software platforms , java can be both middleware and a platform in its own right – hence the expression " write once , run anywhere . " the use of the same bytecode for all platforms allows java to be described as " compile once , run anywhere " , as opposed to " write once , compile anywhere " , which describes cross-platform compiled languages .
moral equivalence is a term used in political arguments or debate . it is an informal fallacy . the phrase describes a kind of indirect proof , but the reasoning is flawed because it distorts issues . it draws comparisons between different things to make a point that one is just as bad as the other or just as good as the other.the user of the term imagines a kind of independent position above or beyond the two contenders . the moral equivalence theory allows someone using the term to appear both objective and detached at the same time.the general form of the context for the use of the trope isthe concept of moral equivalence is not a term of philosophy ; rather , it is only a logical fallacy used in arguments .
duodenal cancer is a type of cancer in the small intestine . it is something like gastric cancer and colorectal cancer . familial adenomatous polyposis ( fap ) , gardner syndrome , lynch syndrome , muir - torre syndrome , celiac sprue , puetz - jeghers , crohn 's disease and juvenile polyposis syndrome are risk factors for having this cancer.the duodenum is the first part of the small intestine . it is located between the stomach and the jejunum . after foods combine with stomach acid , they go down into the duodenum where they mix with bile from the gall bladder and digestive juices from the pancreas .
fruitafossor was a termite - eating mammal of north america during the upper jurassic epoch ( about150 million years ago ( mya ) . the description is based on a surprisingly complete skeleton of a chipmunk - sized animal . it was discovered in 2005 , in fruita , colorado.the animal looked like an armadillo ( or anteater ) and probably ate termites in much the same manner as these animals do today ( ants had not yet evolved ) . other skeletal features clearly show that " fruitafossor " was not related to armadillos , anteaters , or any modern group of mammal . this means that specializations associated with feeding on ants or termites have evolved many times in mammals : in " fruitafossor " , anteaters , numbats , aardvarks , pangolins , and echidnas .
" annie 's song " is a song recorded and written by singer / songwriter john denver . it was his second number one song in the usa , staying that place for two weeks in july 1974 . it also went to number one in the uk . " annie 's song " was written as an poem to denver 's then - wife , annie denver ( annie martel ) of sleepy eye , minnesota.this song was written while denver was riding a ski lift in switzerland . he said , by the time he had finished the 10 minute ride , the song was finished . it also recall an image of hiking through a state park in nearby new ulm , minnesota , denver might have become filled with wonder at the beauty around , and thinking about his wife.the song has since become a wedding standard and an expression of love for many people , due to its grand imagery and the fact it could appeal anyone ( annie is not mentioned by name in any part of the song ) .
harold & kumar go to white castle ( also known as harold & kumar get the munchies ) is a 2004 american stoner comedy movie . it is the first movie in the " harold & kumar " series . it is directed by danny leiner . it stars john cho , kal penn , neil patrick harris , fred willard , bobby lee , christopher meloni , ryan reynolds and malin åkerman . it is written by jon hurwitz and hayden schlossberg . the movie was released on july 30 , 2004 by warner bros . it received mixed reviews , but did well at the box office . the movie 's sequel , " harold & kumar escape from guantanamo bay " , was released on april 25 , 2008 by warner bros.the movie is about two friends , harold and kumar , as they go to the fast food restaurant white castle after smoking cannabis , but end up on a series of misadventures when they can not find the restaurant .
dominic felix amici ( may 31 , 1908 – december 6 , 1993 ) was an american movie , television , stage , voice , radio actor , and comedian . he was known for his roles as mortimer duke in " trading places " and in " coming to america " and as art selwyn in " cocoon " and in " " . he has won an academy award and a volpi cup.ameche was born on may 31 , 1908 in kenosha , wisconsin ; his father was an italian immigrant and his mother had an irish - german ancestry . he studied at marquette university , at loras college and the university of wisconsin . ameche was married to honore prendergast from 1932 until her death in 1986 . he had four sons and two daughters . ameche died on december 6 , 1993 in his son 's house in scottsdale , arizona from prostate cancer , aged 85 .
k. raghava lawrence is an indian choreographer , an actor , director , composer and playback singer . he made his debut as a choreographer in 1993 . he began his career as an actor in 1998 , in a telugu film . most of his telugu films were dubbed by artists . he became famous in telugu cinema through the film style . in tamil , he became famous through the muni film series.lawrence is also known for his complicated hip - hop and westernised dance moves . he has won four filmfare awards and three nandi awards for best choreography . he is also known for his social services and the temple he built for his living mother kanmani . he was born in andhra pradeah
world music is the recognition of music from around the world . this genre of music is increasingly used in popular culture . world music is often included into mainstream music . world music can also be part of exhibitions , performances , and shows that travel the world . world music is typically music that describes its own origin by its well - known sound features.in western countries it may describe a set of ( music ) market products collected from traditional music or folk music which were found in different parts of the world . in sampled world music collections the music is sung or played by people who traditionally live in the area . world music can be anything from a short song to a long indian raga . hindi music is a very popular genre in the category of world music - made even more famous by bollywood movies.world music artists can provide accompaniment , feature , background , or lead . world music groups have traveled the world . world music mixing and jamming is a popular activity among musicians . some genres of world music have become known in a music category of their own . for example , reggae has achieved near to world - wide recognition.some music contests would considered to be world music in foreign audiences . eurovision has grown in world popularity since it 's beginnings.some songs are sung for international use . each fifa world cup has a song . k ' naan sung a popular song called " wave your flag " for the tourney in south africa . these attributed songs have a ' world music ' appeal .
united nations general assembly resolution 68/262 was adopted on march 27 , 2014 by the sixty - eighth session of the united nations general assembly in response to the russian annexation of crimea and entitled " territorial integrity of ukraine " . the non-binding resolution , which was supported by 100 united nations member states , affirmed the general assembly 's commitment to the territorial integrity of ukraine within its internationally recognized borders and underscored the invalidity of the 2014 crimean referendum . eleven ( 11 ) nations voted against the resolution , while 58 abstained , and a further 24 states were absent when the vote took place.the resolution was introduced by canada , costa rica , germany , lithuania , poland and ukraine . the adoption of the resolution was preceded by the unsuccessful attempts of the united nations security council , that convened seven sessions to address the crimean crisis , only to face russian veto .
gopurangal saivathillai is a 1982 tamil language drama film written and directed by manivannan . the film features mohan , suhasini and radha in lead roles , while s. ve . shekher and vinu chakravarthy play supporting roles . the film had musical score by ilaiyaraaja and was released on 15 october 1982 . this was manivannan 's first film as director . it was remade in telugu as mukku pudaka with bhanu chander , suhasini and vijayashanti , while suhasini reprising her role from the original . it was remade in kannada as brahma gantu ( 1985 ) , and in hindi as naseeb apna apna ( 1986 ) .
mac os x public beta is a operating system of apple computers which are developed by apple inc . which is later on updated to the version mac os x 10.0 the mac os x public beta was an early , test version of the mac os x operating system released to the public in late 2000 for usd $ 30 . hardcore macintosh fans could therefore get a taste of the upcoming operating system before its final release . it was named kodiak internally by apple . the name was not publicly used.the public beta was the first time people could use the aqua interface . virtually everything was new in the operating system : fonts , the dock , even the menu bar ( with an apple logo at the centre , which was later repositioned ) . the icons exploded in size , and new os eye candy was all the rage.as it was a public beta , this version was not without its bugs and inconveniences . apple used user feedback to improve upon the os , so that a vastly improved golden master version of mac os x was ready for release by march 2001 . the public beta version came with a price tag , and a time limit ( set for may 15 , 2001 ) . in spite of all these shortcomings , it was still welcomed by the mac community , with people eager to test drive the new os.the public beta was superseded by mac os x 10.0.0 , the first final release of mac os x .
witold pyrkosz ( 24 december 1926 – 22 april 2017 ) was a polish actor . he was born in krasnystaw , poland.he was best known as lucjan mostowiak in polish tv series " m jak miłość " , as pyzdra in " janosik " , as wichura in " czterej pancerni i pies " and as balcerek in " alternatywy 4 " . in 1974 , pyrkosz was decorated with the gold cross of merit and in 1984 , with the knight 's cross of polonia restituta . in 2009 , he received the medal for merit to culture – gloria artis.pyrkosz died on 22 april 2017 in warsaw from complications of alzheimer 's disease , aged 90 .
knott 's berry farm is a theme park in buena park , california that is owned by cedar fair entertainment company . since the theme park was purchased by cedar fair , the number of people who visited the park has increased . according to the 2013 global attractions attendance report , knott 's berry farm is the 13th most visited theme park in north america . the park has 40 rides , including roller coasters , family rides , children 's rides , water rides , and historical rides , and there are plans to make the park bigger in the future.the theme park sits on what used to be a berry farm that was built by walter knott , cordelia knott , and their family . starting around 1920 , the family started selling berries , berry preserves , and pies from a roadside stand along a highway . in 1934 , the knotts started selling fried chicken dinners inside a tea room that is on the farm . they later built shops and other attractions to entertain visitors . in 1940 , walter knott built a ghost town on the farm , and added other attractions over many years . in 1968 , knott 's berry farm started to charge people to visit the park . in 1983 , the park added camp snoopy.in the 1990s , the knott children sold the family business after walter and cordelia knott died . the theme park was sold to cedar fair and the food business was sold to conagra foods , which was later sold to the j.m . smucker company.cedar fair continued to make the park bigger in 1999 by adding knott 's soak city . they also added more rides to knott 's berry farm .
the pygmy rabbit ( " brachylagus idahoensis " ) is a north american rabbit . it is found in the desert areas of the great basin and montana.the pygmy rabbit is the world 's smallest leporid . an average adult weights about . it has a body length of . the female rabbit is slightly larger than the male.the pygmy rabbit is different from other leporids by its small size , short ears , gray color and small hind legs . it also does not have any white fur on its tail.weasels are the main predators of pygmy rabbits . coyotes , red foxes , badgers , bobcats , owls and hawks also hunt pygmy rabbits .
the university of sarajevo ( bosnian : univerzitet u sarajevu / универзитет у сарајеву ) is a public university in sarajevo , bosnia and herzegovina . it is the largest and oldest university in the country.with 20 faculties , three academies and three faculties of theology and with 30,866 enrolled students as of 2014 , it ranks among the largest universities in the balkans in terms of enrollment . since opening its doors in 1949 , a total of 122,000 students received bachelor 's degrees , 3,891 received master 's degrees and 2,284 received doctorate degrees in 45 different fields . it is now widely regarded as the most prestigious university in bosnia and herzegovina , and employs more than one thousand faculty members .
the 300 spartans is a 1962 cinemascope movie depicting the battle of thermopylae . it was shot in the village of perachora in the peloponnese . it stars richard egan as the spartan king leonidas i , ralph richardson as themistocles of athens , and david farrar as persian king xerxes . diane baker as ellas and barry coe as phylon provide the romantic element.the movie is about a force of greek warriors led by 300 spartans which fights against an enormous persian army . the spartans will not flee or surrender , even if it means their deaths.when it was released in 1962 , critics saw the movie as a commentary on the cold war . it was impossible to shoot at thermopylae . the sea had receded about 3 miles farther away from the narrow pass . some 5,000 members of the royal hellenic army were loaned by the king of greece to portray both the spartans and the persians .
ahmed yassin ( january 1 , 1937 – march 22 , 2004 ) was a spiritual leader of the militant palestinian group hamas . yassin 's birth date is in dispute . he claimed he was born 1/1/1938 , however , his passport indicated 1/1/1937 . to some he was a hero , to some he was a notorious member of a terrorist organization . he was also a symbolic figure for palestinians to fight against israel.yassin was born in al - jura , british mandate of palestine . he helped create hamas and became its spiritual leader in 1987 . to other members of hamas he was a hero but he was blamed by the israeli government for planning suicide bombings and other attacks against israel . he claimed that was the only way of fighting occupation . he was confined to a wheelchair because he was paralyzed since age 12 , he was also nearly blind and could barely hear . he was very powerful and influential . he was assassinated in an airstrike in gaza city by the israeli army after he left a mosque in gaza in the early morning hours .
a mast cell is like a white blood cell ( leukocyte ) which lives and acts in tissues . it is made in bone marrow , and matures in tissues , where it defends against parasites.mast cells have many granules rich in histamine and heparin . mast cells play an important protective role in wound healing and defence against pathogens . they are a part cause of allergy and anaphylaxis , the mast cell is very similar in both appearance and function to the basophil , a type of white blood cell . however , they are not the same.mast cells were first described by paul ehrlich in his 1878 doctoral thesis . he noted the large granules visible once they were stained . they are now considered to be part of the immune system .
louis malle ( 30 october 1932 – 23 november 1995 ) was a french movie director , screenwriter , and producer . his movie , " le monde du silence " , won the palme d'or and academy award for best documentary in 1956 . he was also nominated multiple times for academy awards later in his career.his most famous movies are " ascenseur pour l'échafaud " ( 1958 ) , " lacombe lucien " ( 1974 ) , " atlantic city " ( 1980 ) , " my dinner with andre " ( 1981 ) , and " au revoir , les enfants " ( 1987 ) . malle died from lymphoma at their home in beverly hills , california on 23 november 1995 .
a piñata is a type of decoration with bright colors . it is made from either clay or cardboard and is covered with papier - mâché.in puerto rico , ecuador , peru , venezuela , colombia and in some other latin american countries , piñatas are traditionally used only at children 's birthday parties . they are usually made of cardboard , colorfully decorated to match the birthday party theme and filled with candy , chocolates , small toys and confetti . colored strings ( long enough to reach the ground ) are attached to the bottom of the piñata , where a trap - door is hidden under the decoration . the piñata is then hung somewhere where everyone can see , but the strings are kept out of the reach of children . toward the end of the party , usually after the cutting of the cake , an announcement is made that the piñata will be ' broken ' and each child is given an empty party bag . all the children get together directly underneath the piñata and each child is given a string to hold . then , at the count of three , the children pull their strings all at the same time . this opens the hidden trap - door ( or ' breaks ' the piñata ) and the children receive a shower of candy and confetti while they rush to fill up their bags with the treats .
diadophis punctatus , also called the ring - necked snake , is a species of snake . ring - necked snakes live in eastern and central north america . there are many colors and patterns of ring - necked snake . it is called the ring - necked snake because it has a stripe around its neck that looks like a ring.ring - necked snakes live in the united states , central mexico , and southeastern canada . ring - necked snakes are nocturnal , which means that they are awake at night . ring - necked snakes are a little venomous , but they do not hurt people . this is because they are small and do not bite people much . when ring - necked snakes are scared , they curl up their tails.scientists think that there are many ring - necked snakes . scientists do not know exactly how many ring - necked snakes there are . this is because scientists have not studied ring - necked snakes very much.ring - necked snakes are the only species of snake in their genus . there are 14 subspecies of ring - necked snake .
a pun is a joke which is a “ play on words ” ( a game using words ) . people make puns in order to make other people laugh . many jokes are actually puns . a pun usually uses a word which can have more than one meaning , even if the spelling is different : sometimes a pun may use a whole phrase that can be heard in more than one way , as in the following knock - knock joke : ( the last sentence is supposed to mean : “ this was the way i used to speak before i got my false teeth ” ) . there is a joke about a man who sent ten different puns to friends in the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh . unfortunately , no pun in ten did . ( the joke here is on “ no pun intended , ” which is said when a person unintentionally says a pun by coincidence , and announces the find ) . there are many websites and books which have jokes , very often with puns.puns are easier to make in some languages than others . languages with many homophones ( words which sound the same but have a different meaning ) such as the chinese language are most suitable for puns.puns do not have to be about homonyms . they can sometimes be a double entendre using both a literal sense of the word and a metaphor ( figurative use ) . for example , if a young man joins the navy and someone says that he " sailed through his exams " , this is a joke because : 1 ) the expression " to sail through something " means " to do it easily " , but 2 ) the navy is about sailing in ships . it is possible to say something like that without realizing that it is a pun.another example is a story about two boys growing up and eating more and more food . one of the parents just began a new job and the other says , " i hope you can start bringing home the bacon ! " in this example , bacon is a play on words meaning both money and the food , bacon.many british people love making puns , especially bad puns ( where a word has to be mispronounced to make the joke work ) . lewis carroll made many puns in his books " alice in wonderland " and " alice through the looking glass " . these are also a few examples of different puns : really " cool " music as the rock band plays on an iceberg , " you 're fired ! " as the man is shot from a gun . " how is your vineyard doing ? " a neighbor asked . the woman replied , " it 's growing grape ! " ( play on words : " it 's going great ! "
swatch internet time is a way to measure time invented in 1998 by the swatch manufacturing firm in biel / bienne , switzerland . time is shown as an " @ " mark with three numerals . the day starts with @ 000 for midnight . noon is @ 500 . just before midnight is @ 999 . the thousand parts which make up a day are called " dot beats " ( . beats ) . each dot beat is one minute and 26.4 seconds long . midnight is the same as central european winter time ( utc +1 ) and internet time is the same all over the world . it does not change during the summer . people can use it to plan phone calls or internet meetings . most types of linux can show internet time as the desktop clock .
a weather map is a tool . it shows facts about the weather quickly . weather maps have been used from the mid-19th century , for study and for weather forecasting . some maps show differences of temperature , and weather fronts.a station model is a symbolic picture showing the weather at a reporting station . meteorologists made the station model to put down many weather elements in a small space on weather maps . maps thickly filled with station - model plots can be hard to read . however , they help meteorologists , pilots , and mariners to see important weather patterns . a computer draws a station model for every place of observation . the station model is mostly used for surface - weather maps . it can also be used to show the weather in the sky , though . a complete station - model map lets people study patterns in air pressure , temperature , wind , cloud cover , and precipitation .
macaroni is a pasta food which is made of wheat and flour . it is from italy . it is in the shape of a small tube . it can either be straight or curved . the curved type is called elbow macaroni.macaroni is almost never eaten by itself . it is usually eaten with another food or covered in a sauce . a very popular type of macaroni is " macaroni - cheese " , which is macaroni covered in melted cheese . people all over the world enjoy it as a simple but delicious meal.in libya , macaroni is called macroona imbakbaka . libya has italian food because it used to be a italian colony .
antonio griffo focas flavio angelo ducas comneno porfirogenito gagliardi de curtis di bisanzio ( 15 february 1898 – 15 april 1967 ) , best known by his stage name totò , ( ) or simply as antonio de curtis , and nicknamed " il principe della risata " ( " the prince of laughter " ) , was an italian actor , comedian , writer , poet , singer and lyricist.some of his best - known movies are " fifa e arena " , " totò al giro d'italia " , " totò sceicco " , " guardie e ladri " , " totò e le donne " , " totò tarzan " , " totò terzo uomo " , " totò a colori " ( the first italian color movie , 1952 , in ferraniacolor ) , " i soliti ignoti " , " totò , peppino e la malafemmina " , and " la legge è legge " .
liu shaoqi ( ; ; 24 november 189812 november 1969 ) was a chinese revolutionary , politician , and theorist.he was chairman of the npc standing committee from 1954 to 1959 , first vice chairman of the communist party of china from 1956 to 1966 and chairman ( president ) of the people 's republic of china , china 's " de jure " head of state , from 1959 to 1968 . for 15 years , president liu was the third most powerful man in china , behind only chairman mao zedong and premier zhou enlai . in the early 1960s before the cultural revolution , he became a critic of mao.liu disappeared from public life in 1968 and was called the " commander of china 's bourgeoisie headquarters " , china 's foremost " capitalist - roader " , and a traitor to the revolution.liu died on 12 november 1969 in kaifeng , henan while under torture , aged 70 . after his death , the chinese government later honored him with a state funeral and is now seen as a political hero .
tilia is a genus of between 30 and 45 species of trees in the northern hemisphere , in asia ( where the greatest species diversity is found ) , europe and eastern north america ; it is absent from western north america.the trees are generally called linden in north america , and lime in britain . both names are from the germanic root " lind " . the modern forms in english went from " linde " or " linne " in anglo saxon and old norse , and in britain the word transformed more recently to the modern british form " lime " . in the united states , the modern german name " linde " , from the same root , became more common , partly to avoid confusion with any other uses of the name . " tilia " species are large deciduous trees , reaching typically between 20m and 40m tall , some species grow as shrubs . plants of this genus are found through the north temperate regions .
the pieridae are a large family of butterflies . it has about 76 genera and 1,100 species . they are mostly from tropical africa and asia . most pierid butterflies are white , yellow or orange with black spots . the pigments are a characteristic of this family.the name " butterfly " may have come from a member of this family , the brimstone " gonepteryx rhamni " . it was called the " butter - coloured fly " by early british naturalists.the caterpillars of some species , such as " pieris brassicae " and " pieris rapae " , are often seen in gardens . they are agricultural pests because they feed on brassicas.males of many species feed on salts from moist soil . they do this in groups . this behavior is known as ' mud - puddling ' or ' puddling ' .
pteropods are free - swimming pelagic sea snails and sea slugs . they are marine opisthobranch gastropods.are they a natural group ? the monophyly of pteropoda is the subject of debate . at present , by molecular studies , the group is monophyletic.pteropoda has two clades thecosomata , the sea butterflies , and gymnosomata , the sea angels . the thecosomata have a shell , while the gymnosomata ( " naked body " ) do not . the two clades may or may not be sister taxa . if not , their similarity may reflect adaptation to their particular lifestyle.all are pelagic , small , and transparent , and swim using wing - like flaps ( parapodia ) which protrude from their bodies.the name " sea slug " is most often applied to nudibranchs , as well as to other marine gastropods without obvious shells .
the people 's party was a political party in the united states . the party was created by individuals from the peace and freedom party , human rights party , liberty union party and a few more . their goal was to present an anti-war platform for the upcoming election . the party ran in the 1972 and 1976 presidential elections . the party did not get more than 0.10 % of the popular vote in both elections.in the 1972 election , the party nominated pediatrician benjamin spock . julius hobson was his vice-presidential running mate . he supported universal health care , removing american troops from other countries ( see non-interventionism ) and the legalization of abortion and marijuana . he received 0.10 % of the popular vote , or 78,759 votes . in the 1976 election , the party nominated margaret wright , and benjamin spock ran as her vice-presidential running mate . in the end , she received 0.06 % of the vote , or 49,013 votes.after the elections , the party wanted to become a coalition , but many of the founding parties dissolved , so the people 's party disbanded as well .
donald henry pleasence obe ( october 5 , 1919 – february 2 , 1995 ) was an english actor . pleasence was born in worksop , nottinghamshire , england . he was raised in lincolnshire , england . during his career , pleasence was nominated for four tony awards . he won a bafta tv award for best actor in 1959 . in his whole career , pleasence appeared in over 200 movies.he made first his first movie " the dybbuk " in 1952 . it was a television movie . he acted in several movies , such as " you only live once " , where he played james bond villain ernst stavro blofeld , and " the great escape " . pleasence is known for his role as dr. samuel loomis in john carpenter 's " halloween " . since then , he appeared in five out of the six movies of the " halloween movie series " . pleasence did not appear in " " because it was a different story from the last two movies.pleasence died at the age of 75 in saint - paul - de-vence , france , from complications of heart failure . it was following a heart valve replacement surgery .
an answering machine ( other names are answerphone , ansaphone , ansafone and telephone answering device ( tad ) ) is a machine . it is attached to a telephone line . if the phone is not answered after a few rings , it will play a message to the caller . the caller can then leave a message ( after a sound that has become known as " the beep " ) . it is different form voicemail which is based in the network . answering machines are installed at home ( or at the office ) . at first , answering machines used tapes ( a smaller version of audio cassettes ) . today , most systems use computer memory to store the messages and the prerecorded text . many systems allow to listen to the left messages by simply calling the answering machine . answering machines also have a system to save costs : if there are no new messages , there will be fewer rings .
a mission statement tells the purpose of a company or organization . basically , it says in a very short way who the organization does something for , what is the kind of thing it does , and which way it does it ( that is , instead of other ways one could do that same thing ) . it can be used to tell quickly what the organization does . it can also help to give members of the organization a common idea of what they 're here to do.a mission statement basically sums up everything that something is about . put very simply , for performance it would sum up what the purpose of the performance is . that might be to entertain.examples : mcdonald 's - mission statement : " to provide the fast food customer food prepared in the same high - quality manner world - wide that is tasty , reasonably - priced & delivered consistently in a low - key décor and friendly atmosphere . " world vision - mission statement ( well , part of it ) : " ... working with the poor and oppressed to promote human transformation , seek justice and bear witness to the good news of the kingdom of god "
a want is a wish or a desire for something . if a person would like to have something , but can choose not to have it , that thing is wanted or can be called a want . to want is not the same as to need , which is when someone " must " have something.people often talk about needing a thing , when they really just want it . wants can be for the same things as needs . for example , a person can " need " to eat food and can " want " to eat cake . if there is no cake then he or she may have to eat something else , perhaps bread . the need is no longer so important ( the person is no longer hungry ) although the want may still be there . if there is cake , then the person 's needs and wants can both be met.in economics , a want is about goods or services . choice is how to satisfy a want , when there are different ways to do this.want can also be the idea of what it means to be poor , hungry or with no money . charles dickens wrote a famous book called " a christmas carol " in which there are two children , named want and ignorance .
droughts in the united states is similar to drought around other parts of the world . below - normal precipitation leads to drought . that 's caused by an above average persistence of high pressure over a dry area.drought in the united states occurs during climate cycles , such as the north atlantic oscillation , atlantic multidecadal oscillation and the el niño - southern oscillation . these determine what areas are more likely to have development of drought and when drought develops.droughts are periodic . they alternate with floods over a series of years.the worst droughts in u.s. history happened in the 1930s and 1950s . the u.s. drought in the 1930s was called the dust bowl . the 1936 north american heat wave was part of the dust bowl.other major droughts in the 20th and 21st centuries happened in the united states in the 1960s , 1980 , 1983 , 1988 - 90 , 2002 and 2012 - 14 . the costliest drought in united states history was the 1988 - 90 drought . the drought caused just over $ 60 billion in damage . during the drought , there were also heat waves that took the lives of 4,800 - 17,000 people in the u.s . this drought was also the costliest natural disaster in u.s. history before hurricane katrina.droughts can affect anywhere within the united states . but the midwest , great plains and western united states are most likely to be affected by droughts .
the bosniaks ( bošnjaci / бошњаци , feminine : " bošnjakinja " / бошњакиња ) are south slavic nation and ethnic group . they come from old bosnia , which is today bosnia and herzegovina , though many of them are from the other balkan populations , especially serbia , montenegro and croatia . they come from medieval bosnians or bošnjani , slavic that lived in what was then bosnia . medieval bosniaks or bosnians ( called dobri bošnjani = " good bosnians " ) practiced different religions but they all spoke the bosnian language . today , bosniaks are mostly bosnian - speaking , and write in the latin alphabet or cyrillic alphabet . most modern bosniaks are muslims , and some are agnostic and atheists . they have both european and islamic heritage . both within the balkans region and throughout the world , bosniaks are often noted for their unique culture , which has been influenced by both eastern and western civilizations and schools of thought over the course of their history.the oxford english dictionary says the ethnonym " bosniak " was first used in english by the british diplomat and historian paul rycaut in 1680 . he spelled it " bosnack " to sound like the post-classical latin " bosniacus " ( possibly earlier than 1682 ) , the french word " bosniaque " ( 1695 or earlier ) or the german word " bosniak " ( 1737 or earlier ) . an ethnonym is a name of a group of people . the 1836 version of " penny cyclopaedia " v. 231/1 uses the modern spelling : all slavic languages use the suffix " - ak " for masculine nouns . for example , people from the ethnic group in poland can be called " polak " and people from slovakia slovaks ( " slovák " ) . consequently , " bosniak " is logic equivalent to its non-ethnic counterpart " bosnian , " which came to english from middle french as " bosnien " ) : a native of bosnia.english - speakers usually say " bosnian muslims " when they mean bosniaks , but this is not completely correct because not all bosniaks are muslims . partly because of this , ever since the country yugoslavia broke up , people have started to say " bosniak " instead of " muslim " as an official way to talk about this group of people ethnic term to avoid confusion . they also say " bosnians " , but this word can mean anyone from bosnia or herzegovina , not just members of the bosniak ethnic group.a few million bosniaks live in the balkans , and about one million other bosniaks live in other parts of the world . ethnic cleansing and genocide during world war ii ( 1939 - 1945 ) and the bosnian war ( 1993 – 95 ) killed many bosniaks and drove others to move away from where they had been living . partially because of this this , there has been a bosniak diaspora in a number of countries , including bosnian austrians , germany , bosnian australians , sweden , turkey , canada , and the united states .
in five - dimensional geometry , a demipenteract or 5 - demicube is a semiregular 5 - polytope , constructed from a " 5 - hypercube " ( penteract ) with alternated vertices removed.it was discovered by thorold gosset . since it was the only semiregular 5 - polytope ( made of more than one type of regular facets ) , he called it a 5 - ic semi-regular . e. l. elte identified it in 1912 as a semiregular polytope , labeling it as hm for a 5 - dimensional " half measure " polytope.coxeter named this polytope as 1 from its coxeter diagram , which has branches of length 2 , 1 and 1 with a ringed node on one of the short branches , and schläfli symbol formula_1 or { 3,3 } . it exists in the k polytope family as 1 with the gosset polytopes : 2 , 3 , and 4 . the graph formed by the vertices and edges of the demipenteract is sometimes called the clebsch graph , though that name sometimes refers to the folded cube graph of order five instead .
lake maurice ( also known as carle thulka ) is a salt lake in south australia . it is the largest of many salt lakes in the eastern end of the great victoria desert . it is normally dry , except during and after periods of heavy rainfall . when it is full , the lake covers an area of around . it is part of the geological basin known as the officer basin . the smaller lake dey dey is to the north . since 1985 , lake maurice is part of the lands belonging to the maralinga tjarutja , a southern branch of the pitjantjatjara . the community of oak valley is near the western shore of the lake.the exposed surface of the lake normally consists of dry clay , silt or sand , covered with a salty crust . the area around lake maurice is very dry . two wells have been drilled to the southeast and northwest of lake maurice , to search for uranium and other minerals . both wells yield very low levels of groundwater . the water contains high levels of salt . it has also been found to contain radium and sediments from the cambrian era .
land of punt is a name for a geographic place , mentioned in ancient egyptian texts . at times it is also called pwenet or pwene.ancient egypt traded with this place since at least 6.000 bc . it was known for producing and exporting gold , aromatic resins , blackwood , ebony , ivory , and wild animals . the region is known from ancient egyptian records of trade expeditions to it . some biblical scholars have identified it with the biblical land of put.at times punt is referred to as ta netjer , the " land of the god " . it is not known where exactly this place was . most scholars today believe punt was located to the southeast of egypt , most likely in the coastal region of what is today somalia , djibouti , eritrea , northeast ethiopia and the red sea coast of sudan . however , some scholars point instead to a bunch of ancient writings which locate punt in the arabian peninsula . it is also possible that the territory covered both the horn of africa and southern arabia . puntland , the somali administrative region at the edge of the horn of africa , may be named in reference to the land of punt.inhabitants formed three groups which wore different clothing , and hairstyles . they held cattle and lived in stil houses.starting from the nile a caravan could reach punt in five days .
the royal society for the encouragement of arts , manufactures and commerce ( rsa ) is a british multi-disciplinary institution , based in london . it is often called the " royal society of arts " instead of by its long formal name . the front of the building uses the short name too — see photograph . it was founded in 1754 and was granted a royal charter in 1847 . notable members have included benjamin franklin , karl marx , adam smith , william hogarth , john diefenbaker , stephen hawking and charles dickens.the rsa was set up to " embolden enterprise , enlarge science , refine art , improve our manufactures and extend our commerce " , but also to reduce poverty and secure full employment .
the hamlet chicken processing plant fire was an industrial accident which occurred on september 3 , 1991 at the imperial foods chicken processing plant in hamlet , north carolina . in the center of the plant , a hydraulic line failed and ignited the cooking oil in a long frying vat . an automatic fire extinguisher , which was state of the art at the time , had been installed over the cooking vat , but it failed to put the fire out . the fire spread quickly and many workers were unable to escape due to locked fire exits . 25 workers died and 54 were injured in the fire . the plant never reopened and was demolished in 2001 . the fire was the worst industrial accident in north carolina 's history and led to new safety requirements for industrial facilities in the united states .
daniel barenboim ( born buenos aires , 15 november 1942 ) is a pianist and conductor . he is a citizen of argentina , israel , spain , and the palestinian authority.barenboim ( meaning " pear tree " in yiddish ) was born in buenos aires , argentina ; his grandparents were russian ashkenazi jews . at first he was famous as a pianist but now he is just as well known as a conductor . he is particularly important for his work with the west - eastern divan orchestra which works with young arab and israeli musicians . barenboim has often rightly criticized the illegal israeli settlements on palestinian land . in 2001 he made many people in israel angry by conducting the music of wagner in a concert . wagner ’s music had not been performed in israel since 1938 because wagner had been accused of being anti-jewish and because he had been hitler 's favourite composer , but of course hitler had not known wagner personally he just happened to love his music and operas like millions of other people did and still do .
mamasani county ( luri and ) is a county in fars province in iran . the capital of the county is nurabad . it is 180 kilometres from shiraz.the people of mamasani speak luri language from southern luri dialect . at the 2006 census , the county 's population ( including those portions later split off to form rostam county ) was 162,694 , in 45,145 families ; excluding such portions , the population was 166,317 , in 26,011 families . the county is subdivided into three districts : the central district , mahvarmilani district , and doshman ziari district . the county has three cities : nurabad , khumeh zar and baba monir.mamasani ( also muhammad hasni ) an ancient tribe with numerous sub-tribes live in iran , afghanistan , pakistan , iraq and other countries . the main tribe resides in mamasani county in fars province in iran and speak luri language . the sistani mamasanis live in sistan and baluchistan . the brahui and baluchi mamasanis are called muhammad hassani and live in baluchistan provinces of iran and pakistan and nimrus and helmand of afghanistan .
bristol airport , is in lulsgate bottom in north somerset . it is the commercial airport for the city of bristol , england , and the area around it . it opened as bristol ( lulsgate ) airport in 1955 , from march 1997 to march 2010 it became known as bristol international airport . in 2003 , the airport drew 45 % of its passengers from the former county of avon area , 13 % from devon , 10 % from somerset . it also has bases for easyjet and ryanair . in 2011 , it was the ninth busiest airport in the united kingdom , with 5,780,746 passengers , a 0.6 percent rise compared with 2010 . in march 2010 , the airport was given the name bristol airport.the airport specialises in package trips to spain and other mediterranean destinations . it has no flights to the london airports , or manchester airport or birmingham airport . its passengers come from scotland , ireland , and the north east of england . the airport does serve general aviation such as private and business planes .
royal rumble ( 2010 ) was the twenty - third annual royal rumble professional wrestling pay - per - view event made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) . it took place on january 31 , 2010 at the philips arena in atlanta , georgia . as always , the royal rumble match winner got a match at that years wrestlemania , ( in this instance : wrestlemania xxvi ) for his choice at either the wwe championship , the world heavyweight championship and the ecw world championship.six professional wrestling matches were on the event 's supercard , a scheduling of more than one main event . the main event was the annual 30 - man royal rumble match which featured wrestlers from all three brands . edge , the twenty - ninth person to enter , won the match by last eliminating john cena , the nineteenth person to enter . the main match on the raw brand was for the wwe championship between champion sheamus and randy orton , which sheamus won by disqualification . the main match on the smackdown brand was between the undertaker and rey mysterio for the world heavyweight championship , which the undertaker won . the main match on the ecw brand was for the ecw championship between christian and ezekiel jackson , which christian won .
honda is one of the largest engineering company from japan created on 24 september 1948 . it is well known for making cars and motorcycles . although honda started in japan , it now has many factories in other countries that includes the united states , canada , brazil , thailand and china . honda sells a luxury line of cars in the united states with the acura name.some of the cars that honda makes include the : some of the cars honda has made in the past are : honda also makes atvs . honda is also known for participating in a very wide range of motorsport events , including formula one , motogp , lemans , irl and others.honda also makes small engines for chainsaws , lawnmowers and leaf blowers.honda does a lot of research on humanlike robots . honda built asimo , a robot that can walk , talk , dance , carry things and answer questions . these are not yet for sale in the united states.honda also creates a , jet , known as the hondajet . it is not often seen in the united states
the rebel alliance ( or the alliance to restore the republic ) was a group of people and aliens in the star wars series that fought the galactic empire and brought back freedom and democracy to the star wars galaxy . important characters in the rebel alliance were princess leia , bail organa , mon mothma , luke skywalker , han solo , chewbacca , r2 - d2 , and c - 3po , as well as jyn erso , kanan jarrus , and admiral ackbar.after the republic turned into the empire , small cells of rebels loosely fought the empire , led by bail organa . these cells later joined together into a larger rebellion , stealing the plans of the death star and destroying it . later , the rebels fought again and destroyed the second death star , ending the empire and restoring the republic . many of the rebels would later join the resistance against the first order .
similarity is an idea in geometry . it means that two polygons , line segments , or other figures have the same shape . similar objects do not need to have the same size . two shapes are similar if their angles have the same measure and their sides are proportional . two circles , squares , or line segments are always similar.triangles are special in similarity . this is because triangles can be similar if only their angles are equal , or only their sides are proportional . all other polygons must meet both of the conditions.similarity is very similar to congruence . congruent shapes have the same sides and angles . in fact , all shapes that are congruent to each other are also similar .
jean paul getty ( december 15 , 1892 – june 6 , 1976 ) was an american industrialist . he founded the getty oil company . in 1957 " fortune " magazine named him the richest living american , and the 1966 guinness book of records named him as the world 's richest private citizen , worth an estimated $ 1,200 million . at his death , he was worth more than $ 2 billion . a book published in 1996 ranked him as the 67th richest american who ever lived . ( the book ranked his wealth as a percentage of the united states gross national product . ) despite his wealth , getty was known for being a miser.getty enjoyed collecting art and antiquities . his collection formed the basis of the j. paul getty museum in los angeles , california , and over $ 661 million of his estate was left to the museum after his death . he established the j. paul getty trust in 1953 . the trust is the world 's wealthiest art institution . it operates the j. paul getty museum , the getty foundation , the getty research institute , and the getty conservation institute .
the kalabhra dynasty ruled over entire tamil country in south indian between the 3rd and the 6th century c.e. . they won over the ancient chola , pandya and chera dynasties and replaced them . there is little information about their origin and details about their reign . they did not leave any monuments . the only source of information on them are to be found in buddhist and jain literature . they were displaced around the 7th century by the revival of pallava and pandya power.hindu scholars and authors who wrote in the 7th and 8th century c.e . when pandya and pallava had taken over again have written very little about the kalabhra in their texts . perhaps therefore the period of their rule is known as a ‘ dark age ’ – an interregnum .
mawlawi jalaluddin haqqani ( 1939 – 3 september 2018 ) was an afghan militant . he was the leader of the haqqani network , a fighting group in guerilla warfare against us - led nato forces.by 2004 , he was directing pro-taliban militants to launch a holy war in afghanistan . within pakistan , jalaluddin had a relation with pakistan but he did not act against the ttp . he was the most experienced islamist leader in the region . steve coll , author of " ghost wars " , claims that haqqani introduced suicide bombing in the afghanistan - pakistan region.on 3 september 2018 , the taliban released a statement via twitter saying that haqqani died from a terminal illness in his late 70s .
4chan is an english language website based on the japanese futaba channel where people can post and discuss pictures and other images ; sites such as these are called imageboards . it was started in 2003 by " moot " , who was 15 years old at the time . on the website , users post pictures and discuss them . when the site started , it was for discussing anime and manga , but now many other topics are discussed . one of the boards on the site , called " / b / " , is dedicated to random topics and is often mentioned in media . several internet memes have started at 4chan , including lolcats and rickrolling . people have associated it with the alt - right , neo-nazis and holocaust deniers , as well as those part of the red - brown coalition , due to there being sections devoted to them .
sir peter neville luard pears cbe ( his name rhymes with “ cheers ” ) ( born farnham 22 june 1910 died aldeburgh 3 april 1986 ) was an english tenor and life - long partner of the composer benjamin britten.pears was at school at lancing college . he then studied music at keble college , oxford . he was organist at hertford college , oxford but left oxford without taking his degree . he later studied singing for two terms at the royal college of music.he met britten in 1934 , when he was a member of the bbc singers . pears and britten gave their first recital together in 1937 at balliol college , oxford . in 1939 they went to america together because of world war ii . however , in 1942 they decided to return to their own country . back in england they performed britten 's song cycle " seven sonnets of michelangelo " together at the wigmore hall in london ( britten was an excellent pianist ) , and then recorded them for emi , their first recording together.peter pears was a great inspiration for britten ’s vocal writing . many of britten 's operas have a main tenor role which was written for pears to sing . britten also wrote over 100 songs with piano accompaniment . britten also wrote works for tenor and orchestra . these include " les illuminations " , " nocturne " , the " serenade for tenor , horn and strings " and the canticles . in britten ’s operas he sang " peter grimes " and " albert herring " ( title roles ) , " the beggar 's opera " ( macheath ) , " owen wingrave " ( sir philip wingrave ) , " billy budd " ( captain vere ) , " the turn of the screw " ( quint ) , " death in venice " ( aschenbach ) and the three church parables.pears helped to write the words for " a midsummer night 's dream " , based on the shakespeare play . in most of britten ’s operas pears sang serious roles , but in a midsummer night ’s dream he had a comic role : the part of flute the bellowsmender . in this role he was dressed up as a female and did a parody of the great opera singer joan sutherland singing the mad scene from " lucia di lammermoor " . pears ’s voice was a lyrical tenor , not a heavy , operatic one . britten was extremely skilful in writing music for him which suited his voice very well . he sang regularly at the royal opera house and many other opera houses in europe and the united states.he was also a great singer of franz schubert 's " lieder " , usually with britten as accompanist , and he often sang the part of the evangelist in johann sebastian bach 's passions.his last great role written for him by britten was as aschenbach in " death in venice " . he sang this in 1973 at the aldeburgh festival , and the following year in the royal opera house . britten by then had heart disease and was too ill to go to the performances , dying in 1976 . pears continued to live in the red house , aldeburgh . after he retired from performing he continued to teach young singers at the britten - pears foundation . he was awarded a cbe in 1955 and knighted in 1977 . in his last years pears also suffered from heart disease . he died ten years after britten . he is buried next to him in the churchyard of saint peter and saint paul 's church in aldeburgh.there are many recordings of pears ’s singing including almost all the music that britten wrote for him as well as the roles of the evangelist in johann sebastian bach ’s " st matthew passion " and " st john passion " and gerontius in elgar ’s " dream of gerontius " .
in baseball , an at bat ( ab ) or time at bat is used for certain statistics . these statistics include batting average , on base percentage , and slugging percentage . it is a more narrow definition of a plate appearance . a batter starts with an at bat every time he faces a pitcher ; however , the batter gets " no time at bat " in the following cases : section 10.02 . a. 1 of the official rules of major league baseball defines an at bat as : " number of times batted , except that no time at bat shall be charged when a player : ( 1 ) hits a sacrifice bunt or sacrifice fly ; ( 2 ) is awarded first base on four called balls ; ( 3 ) is hit by a pitched ball ; or ( 4 ) is awarded first base because of interference or obstruction ... "
fire - stick farming are words used by australian archaeologist rhys jones in 1969 . they describe the way that indigenous australians used fire regularly to burn the land . this helped hunting by herding the animals into particular areas , and also caused new grass to grow which attracted more animals . over many years it changed the types of plants and animals that lived in an area.fire - stick farming had turned scrub into grassland , which increased the numbers of grass eating animals such as the kangaroo . scientists say that the changes caused by fire - stick farming caused the extinction of the australian megafauna.in the forests , fire - stick farming opened up clear areas and let more plants grow at ground level . this increased the number of animals that could feed on these plants , such as the herbivore marsupials .
pedro sánchez pérez - castejón ( , born 29 february 1972 ) is a spanish politician . he is the 12th and current prime minister of spain since 1 june 2018 . he is leader ( secretary - general ) of the spanish socialist workers ' party ( psoe ) . he first held the post from 2014 to october 2016 when , as a result of tensions within the party , he stood down to be replaced by a caretaker committee.in the 2016 general election he lost to then - prime minister mariano rajoy . the party of rajoy had many corruption scandals and because of this a lot of people in spanish congress voted to quit him from presidency on june 1 , 2018 and put pedro sánchez in his place . he won elections in april 2019 but he could not organize a goverment . on november 2019 he won other elections and on 7 january 2020 he formed a goverment with the party unidas podemos .
hieronymus bosch , ( born jeroen anthonissen van aken , c. 1450 – 9 august 1516 ) was an early dutch painter . he lived , worked and died in 's - hertogenbosch , a dutch town . this was then the capital of the duchy of brabant , a region which included much of modern belgium and holland.many of his works depict temptation , sin and punishment in hell . the paintings have a dreamlike surreal quality , with sexual and sadistic images . the intent was probably serious , to warn of the punishment which awaited sinners in hell.the paintings often look like , and certainly did influence , the modern art movement known as surrealism . bosch used images of demons , half - human animals and machines , to evoke fear and confusion , and to portray the evil of man . his works contain complex , highly original , imaginative , and dense use of symbolic figures and iconography , some of which was obscure even in his own time.today only 25 paintings are known to be by him ; philip ii of spain collected some of the best , which are now in the prado museum , madrid .
apuleius was a philosopher and rhetorician tried for using magic to win an older and richer bride . he 's better known for his novel about the cult of isis , the tale of cupid and psyche , and the adventures of its hero , lucius.apuleius was born in about 125 , in madauros , numidia . it is not known what his first name was , although writers in the middle ages often called him " lucius apuleius " because the hero of his novel was called lucius . apuleius was educated in carthage and athens , and then traveled around the mediterranean learning about religious cults . in 158 he delivered a speech recorded as " apologia apuleii " ' the apology of apuleius ' in the town of sabratha , tripolitania ( modern libya ) , as a defense against the charge of using magic to win a richer and older bride called pudentilla . apuleius , in his apology , provides a glimpse into second century roman law , the economic and social conditions of roman north africa , and the attitude towards magic.apuleius died in about 175 a.d. , having written his novel , known as either " the golden ass " or " the metamorphoses " ( also transformations of lucius ) , and the apology , as well as books on plato , socrates , and aristotle .
jumanji is a 1995 movie starring robin williams , which was based loosely on a 1982 children 's book of the same name by chris van allsburg . it is about a boy who gets trapped in a game for 30 years , and must finish playing the game when he gets out . other stars include kirsten dunst , david alan grier , bonnie hunt , bradley pierce , jonathan hyde , and bebe neuwirth . in the " flying hunter van pelt " scene , roland d - 50 's pn - d50 - 02 patch " fast forward " was heard.the game in the movie ( titled jumanji ) has been made into a real game .
southeast kansas is a region of the u.s. state of kansas . it can be generally defined by woodson county in the northwest , bourbon county in the northeast , cherokee county in the southeast , and montgomery county in the southwest . geographically it mostly has broad rolling landscape located between the flint hills to the west and includes the ozarks to the southeast . some notable towns there include pittsburg , parsons , coffeyville , independence , chanute , fort scott , and iola.the first people to live there were some native american tribes . others included frontier towns that relied on cattle ranching and mining . they were hurt by violence over the issue of slavery . this happened both before and during the american civil war ( see bleeding kansas ) . the most common type of mining in southeast kansas was coal mining . this contributed to the amount of coal found . it also contributed to the quality and thickness of coal in southeast kansas . southeast kansas has one of the well - made recreations of early life in the united states army at fort scott national historic site .
galician ( galician : ) is a modern language that is spoken in galicia , a region of spain in the northwest of the iberian peninsula . galician is closely related to portuguese because they split from the same language , which is now called galician - portuguese or medieval galician . some even say that galician and portuguese are two dialects of the same language but with different accents . however , most scholars say that the differences are now so great since both languages separated in the middle ages that they are now truly different languages . galician is also very similar to the leonese language.galician is a romance language that evolved from vulgar latin , the latin of common people in the medieval kingdom of galicia after the fall of the western roman empire . the area is now galicia , the western parts of asturias and castile - leon and the norte region in northern portugal.galician took most of its words from latin , many from spanish but some from germanic and celtic.galician comes from galician - portuguese , spoken during the middle ages in the medieval kingdom of galicia . today , galician is spoken only in galicia and by some people in north america , south america and western europe . in jalisco , mexico , galician still leaves traces in the accent and words .
james stephen fossett ( april 22 , 1944 – september 3 , 2007 ) was an american businessman and a record - setting aviator , sailor and adventurer . in 2002 , he became the first balloonist to circumnavigate the world alone . in 2005 , he completed the first nonstop global flight in an airplane by himself . he was also known for his friendship with billionaire richard branson . branson 's virgin group sponsored some of fossett 's adventures.fossett was born in jackson , tennessee . he grew up in garden grove , california . he attended washington university in st. louis and stanford university . in 1968 , fossett married peggy fossett ( " née " viehland ) , originally from richmond heights , missouri . the couple had homes in beaver creek , colorado , chicago , illinois and carmel , california.on september 3 , 2007 , fossett went missing while flying a light aircraft over the great basin desert . a year later , in september 2008 , a hiker found some of fossett 's belongings in the sierra nevada mountain range , california . this lead to the discovery of his aircraft and some of his remains .
a scorched - earth policy is a military strategy . the goal is to destroy anything that might be useful to the enemy while the enemy is going through or running away from a place . any useful things that could be used by the enemy may be targeted , for example food sources , water supplies , transportation , communications , industrial resources , and even the local people themselves.the policy can be done by the military in enemy territory , or in its own home territory.notable historic examples of scorched - earth tactics include the russian army 's strategy during the failed swedish invasion of russia , the failed napoleonic invasion of russia , william tecumseh sherman 's march to the sea in the american civil war , colonel kit carson 's subjugation of the american navajo indians , lord kitchener 's advance against the boers , the initial soviet retreat commanded by joseph stalin during the german army 's invasion of the soviet union in the second world war , the subsequent nazi german retreat on the eastern front , and the burning 605 - 732 oil wells by retreating iraqi military forces in the gulf war .
the london eye is a large metal ferris wheel . it is also known as the millennium wheel and is one of the largest observation wheels in the world . since mid-january 2015 it has been known in branding as the coca - cola london eye , after an agreement signed in september 2014 . the london eye is at the western end of jubilee garden , on the south bank of the river thames , between westminster bridge and hungerford bridge.the eye was opened in 2000 . it is 135 metres high ( 442ft ) . at the time it was built , in 1999 , it was the tallest giant wheel in the world , and at present it is europe 's tallest ferris wheel . it offered the highest public viewing point in london . the observation deck on the 72nd floor of the shard is now the highest public view of london.it is the most popular paid tourist attraction in the united kingdom : there are over 2.2 million visitors annually , and the eye has made many appearances in popular culture.the london eye was overtaken in height by the star of nanchang , which is 160 meters high . on the 11th february 2008 the singapore flyer overtook the star of nanchang with 165 meters , it is known as the coke cola london eye .
the bmo vancouver marathon is an annual marathon which is run on the first sunday of every may in vancouver , british columbia . the distance of the race is 26 miles and 385 yards and is the largest international marathon event in canada . the current sponsor for the marathon is bank of montreal.it is certified by both the international association of athletics federations & association of international marathons and distance races as a qualifying marathon race . it started in 1972 after a small group of 46 runners ran five loops of stanley park to finish the first vancouver international marathon ( which was known as lions gate road runners international marathon ) . a full marathon is a boston marathon qualifying event and is 42 km , and a half marathon is 21 km.the forbes 2014 travel guide named the bmo vancouver marathon one of the world ’s top ten marathons worth travelling for that marathon season . it also made their top ten marathon destinations in 2012 .
new wave ( or new wave music ) is a style of rock music that developed in the late 1970s and early 1980s . new wave music was inspired by the punk rock movement.new wave music is rock music mixed with other types of music , such as punk rock music , funk , disco , beat and ska.in essence , new wave maintained the rebellious and energetic side of punk rock , yet was less raw and aggressive . whilst a lot of new wave was lyrically complex , much new wave was pop - based , containing simple melodies and catchy hooks . additionally , new wave music was also very electronic in nature , and made strong usage of synthesizers . new wave is a broad term , and as such , new wave artists varied greatly in style , ranging from pure rock , to synthpop , to reggae - influenced music . new wave , as a genre , additionally had a strong visual aesthetic , and is noted for the colourful fashions which new wave artists would sport in the 1980s . when mtv started broadcasting in 1981 , many new wave bands had their music videos played on television . this made new wave music more popular . a well - known new wave video is " whip it " by devo .
dakota johnson ( born october 4 , 1989 in austin , texas ) is an american actress and model . she is the daughter of the actors melanie griffith and don johnson . her maternal grandmother is actress tippi hedren.johnson first appeared onscreen with her mother in the comedy - drama movie " crazy in alabama " in 1999 . she was named miss golden globe in 2006 . after high school , johnson went back to acting . she had roles in movies , including " 21 jump street " , " the social network " and " need for speed " . johnson played anastasia " ana " steele in " fifty shades of grey " , " fifty shades darker " and " fifty shades freed " . for " fifty shades of grey " , she got a people 's choice award for favorite drama movie actress . she was also nominated for a bafta rising star award .
john singer sargent ( january 12 , 1856 – april 14 , 1925 ) was an american artist . he was the leading portrait painter of his day.during his career , he created about 900 oil paintings and more than 2,000 watercolors , as well as many sketches and charcoal drawings . he travelled worldwide . his parents were american , but he was trained in paris , and then moved to london.his " portrait of madame x " resulted in scandal , though today it is hard to see why . she was thought to be somewhat loose sexually . in the original portrait as exhibited , one strap of her gown had fallen down her right shoulder . this suggested to some the possibility of further revelation ; " one more struggle " , wrote a critic in " le figaro " , " and the lady will be free " . sargent visited spain , studied velázquez , and was entranced with spanish music and dance . he understood what the impressionists were doing , and adopted their habit of painting " en plein - air " . he was a big fan of monet , and bought four of his works . his portrait of monet shows he understood what was going on in french art at the time.sergent kept his american citizenship , and went back there four times . however , he remained living in london to the end of his life .
a genetic disorder is an illness caused by abnormalities in the genome . they are heritable , and are passed down from the parents ' genes . if a genetic disorder is present from birth , it is a type of congenital defect . some only show up in later life . genetic disorders , like other illnesses , can cripple and kill.most genetic disorders are quite rare and affect one person in every several thousands or millions . sometimes they are relatively frequent in a population . these types of recessive gene disorders give an advantage in certain environments when only one copy of the gene is present . sickle cell anaemia is an example.the same disease , such as some forms of cancer , may be caused by an inherited genetic condition in some people , by new mutations in other people , and by nongenetic causes in still other people . a disease in only called a genetic disease when it is inherited .
the grampian mountains or grampians are one of the three major mountain ranges in scotland , occupying a considerable portion of the scottish highlands in northeast scotland . they occupy almost half the land - area of scotland.the grampians extend southwest to northeast between the highland boundary fault ( south ) and the great glen ( north ) . this includes the cairngorms and the lochaber hills . the range includes ben nevis ( the highest point in the british isles at 1,344 metres above sea level ) and ben macdui ( the second highest at 1,309 metres ) . the mountains are composed of granite , and metamorphic rocks such as gneiss , marble , schists and quartzite . the other major mountain ranges in scotland are the northwest highlands and the southern uplands .
michael corbett shannon ( born august 7 , 1974 in lexington , kentucky ) is an american actor . he is a two - time academy award for best supporting actor nominee for his roles in " revolutionary road " and " nocturnal animals " . he was a regular on the hbo series " boardwalk empire " , playing agent nelson van alden . shannon played general zod in zack snyder 's 2013 movie " man of steel " . he plays colonel richard strickland in " the shape of water " . shannon was born in lexington , kentucky on august 7 , 1974 to donald s. shannon and to geraldine hine . he was raised in chicago , illinois . his career began in 1993 in the movie " groundhog day " . shannon is in a relationship with actress kate arrington . they have two daughters .
a sim card is a smart card that is used in mobile phones , to identify the client . sim stands for subscriber identity module . a sim card has a microchip , and its use is protected by a pin . when the phone is powered on , an international mobile subscriber identity number ( imsi ) is broadcast . the microchip is also needed for some encryption and decryption . the sim card and the device that it is used in ( the mobile phone ) are often referred to as the " mobile station " . sim cards come in different sizes . full - size sim cards , which are about the same size as a credit card , are not used in phones anymore . most smartphones use either micro sim or nano sim cards , but older ones use mini sim .
maurits cornelis escher ( 17 june 1898 – 27 march 1972 ) , usually referred to as m. c. escher , was a dutch graphic artist born in leeuwarden , netherlands . he is known for his often mathematically inspired woodcuts , lithographs and mezzotints . these feature impossible constructions , explorations of infinity , architecture and tessellations ( means " like tiles " ) . during his life , escher made 448 lithographs , woodcuts and wood engravings . he did over 2000 drawings and sketches . he also illustrated books , designed tapestries , postage stamps and murals . escher was interested in different ways of making art , he used tile - like repeated patterns in many of his paintings . early in his career he drew inspirations of nature : he studied art , landscapes and insects . some of escher ’s most famous drawings include : " drawing hands " , " relativity " and " flying fish " . most of his works were related to maths .
michael joseph " mike " mansfield ( march 16 , 1903 – october 5 , 2001 ) was an american politician . he was a member of the democratic party . he served as a u.s. representative ( 1943 – 1953 ) and a u.s . senator ( 1953 – 1977 ) from montana . he was the longest - serving senate majority leader , serving from 1961 to 1977 . during his time , he led great society programs through the senate and strongly opposed the vietnam war.after retiring from the senate , mansfield served as u.s . ambassador to japan from 1977 to 1988 . on retiring as ambassador , he was awarded the nation 's highest civilian honor , the presidential medal of freedom ( 1989 ) . he won this in part for his role in the resignation of republican president richard nixon . mansfield is the longest - serving american ambassador to japan in history.after his ambassadorship , mansfield served for a time as a senior adviser on east asian affairs to goldman sachs , the wall street investment banking company.mansfield died of congestive heart failure in washington , d.c. on october 5 , 2001 . he was aged 98 .
evan rachel wood ( born september 7 , 1987 ) is an american movie , television and theater actress . she began acting in the late 1990s , appearing in several television roles , including " american gothic " and " once and again " . wood 's first role as a leading movie actress was in 2002 's " little secrets " , and she became well known after changing to a more adult - orientated golden globe - nominated role in the critically acclaimed " thirteen " ( 2003 ) . wood continued acting in mostly independent films , including " pretty persuasion " ( 2005 ) , " down in the valley " ( 2006 ) , and in the big studio production " across the universe " ( 2007 ) . critics have praised wood 's acting , such as " the guardian " newspaper describing her as being " wise beyond her years " and as " one of the best actresses of her generation " . her personal relationship with singer marilyn manson received media coverage . she is openly bisexual .
the fulbright program , including the fulbright – hays program , is one of several united states cultural exchange programs . the goal is to improve intercultural relations , cultural diplomacy , and intercultural competence between people from the united states and other countries by exchanging of people , knowledge , and skills . it is one of the most prestigious and fellowship programs in the world . it is also very difficult to receive a grant . american citizens including students , scholars , teachers , professionals , scientists and artists may receive scholarships or grants to study , do research , teach , or exercise their talents abroad . citizens of other countries may do the same in the united states of america . the program was started by united states senator j. william fulbright in 1946 and is one of the most widely recognized and prestigious scholarships in the world . the program provides 8,000 grants annually.the fulbright program is administered by cooperating organizations such as the institute of international education . it is in over 160 countries around the world . the bureau of educational and cultural affairs of the u.s. department of state sponsors the fulbright program and gets funding from the united states congress from annual appropriation bills . additional direct and in - kind support comes from partner governments , foundations , corporations , and host institutions both in and outside the u.s . in 49 countries , a bi-national fulbright commission administers and oversees the fulbright program . in countries without a fulbright commission but that have an active program , the public affairs section of the u.s. embassy manages the fulbright program . more than 370,000 people have participated in the program since it began ; 59 fulbright alumni have won nobel prizes ; 82 have won pulitzer prizes .
sayyid mir muhammed jafar ali khan ( 1691 – 1765 ) , often known as mir jafar , is the second son of sayyid ahmad najafi , and was nawab ( governor ) of bengal , bihar and orissa . his full , formal name is " shuja ul - mulk , hashim ud - daula , nawab ja'afar ' ali khan bahadur , mahabat jang " . mir jafar is remembered for the agreement he made with the british when he was nawab of bengal . this agreement meant that the army of bengal surrendered to the british army and were killed at the battle of plassey . this was the start of the british rule in india.he is remembered by the people of bengal and pakistan . the word " mirjafar " in bengali and the phrase " meer jafar " in urdu now are often used to mean traitor .
ibuprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug ( nsaid ) created by british chemist stewart adams . it is used to stop pain , help reduce fevers , arthritis pain , and acts as an inflammatory part . ibuprofen is used to relieve pain from various conditions such as headache , dental pain , menstrual cramps , muscle aches , or arthritis . it is also used to reduce fever and to relieve minor aches and pain due to the common cold . if you are treating a chronic condition such as arthritis , ask your doctor about non-drug treatments and / or using other medications to treat your pain . see also warning section.check the ingredients on the label even if you have used the product before . the manufacturer may have changed the ingredients . also , products with similar names may contain different ingredients meant for different purposes . taking the wrong product could harm you . if you are taking the over-the-counter product , read all directions on the product package before taking this medication . if your doctor has prescribed this medication , read the medication guide provided by your pharmacist before you start taking ibuprofen and each time you get a refill . if you have any questions , ask your doctor or pharmacist.take this medication by mouth , usually every 4 to 6 hours with a full glass of water ( 8 ounces / 240 milliliters ) unless your doctor directs you otherwise . do not lie down for at least 10 minutes after taking this drug . if you have stomach upset while taking this medication , take it with food , milk , or an antacid.the dosage is based on your medical condition and response to treatment . to reduce your risk of stomach bleeding and other side effects , take this medication at the lowest effective dose for the shortest possible time . do not increase your dose or take this drug more often than directed by your doctor or the package label . for ongoing conditions such as arthritis , continue taking this medication as directed by your doctor.when ibuprofen is used by children , the dose is based on the child 's weight . read the package directions to find the proper dose for your child 's weight . consult the pharmacist or doctor if you have questions or if you need help choosing a nonprescription product.for certain conditions ( such as arthritis ) , it may take up to two weeks of taking this drug regularly until you get the full benefit.if you are taking this drug " as needed " ( not on a regular schedule ) , remember that pain medications work best if they are used as the first signs of pain occur . if you wait until the pain has worsened , the medication may not work as well.if your condition persists or worsens , or if you think you may have a serious medical problem , get medical help right away . if you are using the nonprescription product to treat yourself or a child for fever or pain , consult the doctor right away if fever worsens or lasts more than 3 days , or if pain worsens or lasts more than 10 days .
" two cars in every garage and three eyes on every fish " is the fourth episode of the second season of " the simpsons " . it first started on the fox network in the united states on november 1 , 1990 . in this episode , bart catches a three - eyed fish in a river downstream of the springfield nuclear power plant . this makes the plant to become inspected , and in order to let the plant from being shut down , mr. burns decides to run for governor . after a hard campaign which sees burns rise from being universally despised to running neck and neck with mary bailey , it is decided that burns will have dinner with a random employee the night before the election . homer is chosen , much to marge 's chagrin .
badminton is a sport for two or four ( " singles " or " doubles " ) people . the game is either one player against one player or a team of two players against another team of two players . players use rackets to hit a shuttlecock over a net but if it goes to far it will be an out.the aim of the game is to hit the shuttlecock over the net in a way that the other player or pair can not hit it back properly before it hits the floor . every time this is done , the player or pair gets one point . they also get to serve . the first player or pair to reach 21 points wins a game.the winner of the match is the first to win 2 sets .
michael foot ( 23 july 1913 – 3 march 2010 ) was a british labour party politician , journalist and author.foot was born in plymouth , devon . he studied philosophy , politics and economics at university of oxford . he was a journalist from the late 1930s until the early 1960s . he was a member of parliament from 1945 – 1955 and from 1960 – 1992 . he was deputy leader of the labour party from 1976 – 1980 and leader of the opposition from 1980 – 1983 . foot was married to writer jill craigie ( 1911 – 1999 ) from 1949 until her death . he was an atheist.foot died at home in hampstead , north london , on 3 march 2010 , aged 96 .
the brexit party is a eurosceptic political party in the united kingdom ( uk ) made up of politicians who support brexit . created in 2019 , it is led by nigel farage . the party has four welsh assembly members.the brexit party campaigns for the withdrawal of the uk from the european union ( eu ) . it wants the uk to trade on world trade organization ( wto ) terms and leave both the european single market and the european union customs union.many of its members were formerly of the uk independence party ( ukip ) , with farage having led ukip in 2006 – 09 and 2010 – 16 , as well as from the conservative party .
brown algae are a large group of algae . they are classified as heterokont protists because they are neither plant nor animal . all the brown algae are multicellular , composed of more than one cell . most brown algae have fucoxanthin , a chemical that gives them a brown color.there are 2000 species of brown algae . most species live in the ocean . they are important as food and as homes for many animals and marine life . some brown algae are gathered by humans for food . the giant kelp " macrocystis " is a brown alga that forms underwater forests , and it may grow to 60 meters . the sargasso sea gets its name from the " sargassum " seaweed that floats on the surface . many brown algae grow on rocks at the seashore .
rex ryan ( born december 13 , 1962 ) is an american football coach . he is the head coach for the buffalo bills of the national football league ( nfl ) . he coached for the new york jets from 2009 until 2014 . after serving as an assistant coach for twenty - two years , ryan attained his first head coaching job in the nfl with the jets in 2009 . ryan was also a great defensive coordinaor for the baltimore ravens and won super bowl xxxv with baltimore . he is the son of former philadelphia eagles and arizona cardinals head coach buddy ryan and is the twin brother of rob ryan , defensive coordinator for the dallas cowboys . ryan is known for his outspoken manner.on december 29 , 2014 , ryan was fired by the new york jets . on january 12 , 2015 , ryan signed a five - year , $ 27.5 million contract to become the head coach of the buffalo bills .
dialysis is where a machine is used to replace a kidney after kidney failure . the word " dialysis " comes from the greek word " dialusis " , " dia " meaning through , and " lusis " meaning loosening.dialysis can be used for people who have become sick and have lost the use of their kidneys for a short time , or for people who no longer have working kidneys . the purpose of the kidney is to keep a balance of water and minerals in the body . these minerals include sodium , potassium , chloride , calcium , phosphorous , magnesium and sulfate . the kidneys also take out hydrogen ions from the blood . dialysis is able to remove these wastes from the body and help keep the minerals in balance.however the kidneys are also part of the endocrine system and make erythropoietin and calcitriol . dialysis machines are not able to replace this part of the kidney 's function .
unesco is the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization ( ) . it is an agency of the united nations ( un ) . unesco says its purpose , as defined just after the end of world war ii , is " to build the defenses of peace in the minds of men and women " . it does this by helping nations work together , through education for all , science , and culture . this is supposed to help other nations follow the rule of law and human rights . it also helps promote some freedoms in the un charter.unesco has 195 member countries.unesco tries to achieve what it wants to do through six programs : education , natural sciences , social and human sciences , culture , communication and information . some projects sponsored by unesco are literacy , technical , and teacher - training programmes . unesco also decides what will become world heritage sites . a world heritage site is an important , special , interesting or beautiful place . if a place is a world heritage site , the place can not be destroyed , as it can give useful information for the future . the uluru , for example , gives a lot of information on the culture of aborigines . unesco is also a member of the united nations development group . and works for millennium development goals .
the college of william & mary in virginia ( also known as the college of william & mary , the college , william & mary , or w & m ) is a public university in williamsburg , virginia , united states . it was founded in 1693 by a royal charter issued by king william iii and queen mary ii . it is the second - oldest institution of higher education in the united states.william & mary educated u.s. presidents thomas jefferson , james monroe , and john tyler as well as other key figures important to the development of the nation , including u.s. supreme court chief justice john marshall , speaker of the house henry clay and 16 signers of the declaration of independence . in 2008 , the college had 5,850 undergraduate students and 2,042 graduate and professional students in and gave 1,454 bachelors , 440 masters , and 209 professional degrees .
sussex is a historic county in south east england . its area is more or less the same as that of the ancient kingdom of sussex . it is divided for local government into west sussex and east sussex and the city of brighton and hove . the city of brighton and hove became a unitary authority in 1997 ; and got city status in 2000 . until then chichester had been sussex 's only city.sussex still has a strong local identity and the county 's unofficial anthem is " sussex by the sea " . the county 's motto , " we wu n't be druv " , shows the strong - willed nature of its people in past centuries .
the palaeognathae or paleognaths are one of the two living superorders of birds . the other living superorder is neognathae . together these two clades form the subclass neornithes.paleognath is a word derived from the ancient greek for " old jaws " in reference to the skeletal anatomy of the palate , which is described as more primitive and reptilian than that in other birds . paleognathous birds are uncontroversially the most primitive , or basal , living birds , though there is some controversy about the precise relationship between them and the other birds.this superorder contains four extant orders of flightless ratites and one order of flying tinamous ; the order tinamiformes ( tinamous ) includes nine living genera and forty - seven species.the apterygiformes ( kiwis ) include five species in one genus ( " apteryx " ) . the casuariiformes have two genera . the cassowaries ( " casuarius " ) have three species and the emus ( dromaius ) have one living and one recently extinct species.the rheiformes ( rheas ) have two genera with one species each.the struthioniformes ( ostriches ) have only one living species.there are extinct orders : the lithornithiformes , the dinornithiformes ( moas ) , and the aepyornithiformes ( elephant birds ) . there are other extinct orders which have been allied with the palaeognathae by at least one author , but their affinities are a matter of dispute : the ambiornithiformes , the gansuiformes , the paleocursornithiformes , the gobipterygidae .
the mount cole state forest is in western victoria , australia , near the town of beaufort . the forest is around mount cole , which formed 390 million years ago . the indigenous australians , the beeripmo balug people , called it " bereep - bereep " , which means " wild " . the forest covers an area of 12,150 hectares , including the forest around mount lonarch.the forest is on a plateau which is above grassy plains . the plateau is about 760 metres above sea level . high peaks in the forest include mount buangor ( 1,090 metres ) , mount cole ( 899 metres ) and ben nevis ( 877 metres ) . the main trees in the southern part of the forest are messmate ( eucalyptus oblique ) , manna gum ( eucalyptus viminalis ) , and blue gums ( eucalyptus st johnii ) . in the north , which is drier , there are yellow box ( eucalyptus melliodora ) , and red stringybark ( eucalyptus macrorryncha ) . there is also the rare mount cole grevillea , grevillea montis - cole . on the high peaks there are groups of snow gums ( eucalyptus pauciflora ) . there have been 130 different birds seen in the forest . animals include kangaroos , wallabies , echidna , koalas and possums . in 1954 , 160 koalas were set free in the forest to as part of a plan to re-establish the animals in victorian forests . in the 19th century , deer were introduced and sambar deer are still living in the wet gullies in the south of the forest.activities in the forest include camping , walking , four wheel driving , horse riding , and bird watching.the purpose of the forest is to supply good quality hardwood logs for sawmills . the management plan for the forest also protects the water catchments of several creeks which supply water to nearby towns .
a compiler is a computer program that translates computer code written in one programming language into another programming language . the first language is called the source language , and the code is called source code . the second language is called the target and can usually be understood by computers . in that case , the instructions become machine code.if a compiler can convert the same instruction text into machine code for different computers ( like smartphones or video game machines ) , it is a ' cross-compiler ' . if the compiler can make instruction text that is easier for people to read , it is a ' de-compiler ' . people who write these instructions are called programmers . some even made programs that can translate the instructions that describe how a compiler should work , into a compiler . that kind of program is called a compiler - compiler.a compiler usually has three steps . it reads the text and makes notes about how the words and sentences go together . if the words do n't make sense , it will try to tell the programmer . then it will use what it knows about the target language to make the instructions fit better . it then writes down the instructions in the target language . if the source instructions are on different pages , it may have to compile several before it can write everything down .
the united states republican party is one of the two biggest political parties in the united states of america . the other big party is the democratic party . the united states has many other small parties known as third parties.the republicans are often called " the right " or " conservatives " . the republican party itself is also known as the gop , which stands for " grand old party " . the symbol of the republican party is the elephant . this symbol was first used in 1874 in a political cartoon " ( pictured ) " , by thomas nast.the republican national committee , or " rnc " , is the main organization for the republican party in all 50 states . ronna romney mcdaniel is the current rnc chairperson . the republican party is not the same political party as the democratic - republican party . the republican party is based in washington , d.c. a state where most voters vote for republican politicians is sometimes called a " red state " .
the winter palace in st. petersburg , russia , is one of the greatest and largest palaces . it was , from 1732 to 1917 , the official residence of the russian tsars . it was built on the shores of the neva river between 1754 and 1762 . tsar nicholas i , in the 19th century , was responsible for the palace 's present appearance and layout . he made many changes to the interior of the palace , and was responsible for its complete rebuilding after the fire of 1837 . on 30 october 1917 , the palace was declared to be part of the hermitage museum . today , the palace , as part one of the world 's most famous museums , attracts an annual 3.5 million visitors .
atal bihari vajpayee ( 25 december 1924 – 16 august 2018 ) was an indian politician . he served as the 10th prime minister of india for six years from 1998 through 2004 . he was also serving as prime minister from may 1996 through june 1996 . he founded the bharatiya janata party.vajpayee was born on 25 december 1924 in gwalior , united provinces , british india ( now madhya pradesh , india ) . he studied at victoria college ( now laxmibai college ) and at dav college , kanpur . vajpayee was never married and had no children.vajpayee , who had dementia and diabetes , died at a new delhi hospital from multiple organ failure on 16 august 2018 , aged 93 .
st paul 's cathedral is an anglican church in the city of london . the original version was built by mellitus in 604 ad . he was bishop of the east saxons.in 962 and 1087 the cathedral burnt down and was built again . before today 's version of the cathedral there were four others . the earlier ones burnt down.today 's cathedral is made of limestone . it was built after the great fire of london in 1666 had destroyed the " old st paul 's " . its architect was sir christopher wren , who designed a further 50 churches . wren designed it in the renaissance style . st paul 's is a popular tourist attraction and is still used as a church today . it is the cathedral of the church of england diocese of london.it is 365 feet ( 111 meters ) high to the cross on top .
oscar leonard carl pistorius ( born 22 november 1986 ) is a south african former sprint runner . he is serving a prison sentence for the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp.pistorius was born in sandton , johannesburg . both of his legs are amputated above the ankle , and he runs with prostheses . pistorius competed in races for athletes with disabilities . he first ran in international competitions for able - bodied athletes in 2007 . in 2011 , he competed in the world championships , and as part of south africa 's silver - medal - winning relay team , he became the first amputee to win an able - bodied world track medal . at the 2012 summer olympics in london , pistorius became the first double - leg amputee to compete in the olympics . he also competed in the 2012 summer paralympics . he won gold medals in the men 's 400 metre race in a paralympic record time of 46.68 seconds and in the 4 × 100 metres relay in a world record time of 41.78 seconds . he also won a silver in the 200 metres race.on 14 february 2013 , he shot his girlfriend reeva steenkamp dead in his house . he was charged with murder , but is not in prison because he paid a r1 million to be released on bail . his murder trial began on 3 march 2014 in pretoria . during the trial , pistorius was diagnosed with generalised anxiety disorder . on 11 september , he was found not guilty of murder . on 12 september 2014 , he was convicted of manslaughter.in november 2014 , prosecutors asked the sentencing judge for permission to appeal the verdict . permission was granted in december , and the case was presented to a five - person panel at the supreme court of appeal . he was released on house arrest , and on 3 december 2015 the appeal court overturned the culpable homicide verdict and convicted him of murder . pistorius appeared in court on 13 june 2016 to start the sentence hearing for the murder conviction ; on 6 july he was sentenced to six years imprisonment for murder .
atlantis is a name for a fictional large island or small continent that supposedly had been in the atlantic ocean many years before it sank into the depth of the sea and vanished within a day and a night.the name atlantis first appears in the writings of herodotus - he describes the western ocean as “ sea of atlantis ” . then , one generation later , atlantis is described in detail in the stories timaeus and critias by the greek philosopher plato . it is assumed that plato used this story to help explain his ideas about government and philosophy . no other ancient writer have been known to write specific details about atlantis except plato.after plato , the idea of atlantis was mostly forgotten until 1882 , when a writer named ignatius donnelly wrote a book saying that atlantis was real and that the culture of atlantis had started many other ancient cultures , such as the egyptian and mayan.after donnelly 's book , many people became interested in atlantis and began to say that it had aircraft , submarines , powerful energy crystals , and other things that are not known from ancient times.by studying the types of rock that are found in the bottom of the atlantic ocean , scientists are sure that there was never really any large island or small continent there , so many people today think that plato may have heard a story about another place and moved it to the atlantic ocean in his book.different people have thought that many places all over the world have been the place of the " real atlantis " . it is also said that atlantis sunk to the bottom of the ocean by the gods as punishment for its bad deeds and its inhabitants immorality .
roger schmidt ( born 13 march 1967 in kierspe , north rhine - westphalia ) is a german football manager . he is manager of the austrian team fc red bull salzburg.his original profession is engineer . as player he played for sc verl and sc paderborn as midfielder . he started his career as manager with delbrücker sc , went on to preußen münster and then to paderborn 07 . since his time with münster he is a professional manager.his last manager job is with fc red bull salzburg in the bundesliga , the top level league in austrian football . although the team gained goal and point record they finished only second . being in danger to lose his job a lot of the fans declared their solidarity.in 2014 , he transferred to bayer 04 leverkusen .
d - day is a term used in military planning to mean the actual day a major operation or event is to begin . the days leading up to a d - day are called d - 1 , d - 2 , d - 3 , etc . this allows scheduling a sequence of events before the start date is chosen . the days after a d - day are d +1 , d +2 , d +3 , and so on.several different days in military history were named d - day . however , the most famous d - day was the normandy landings during operation overlord . this was on the morning of june 6 , 1944 , when the largest naval attack in military history took place . it was in france during world war ii . " operation overlord was " led by american general dwight d. eisenhower . the allies ( britain , canada , and america in this case ) , breached the normandy coastline . they broke through the german fortification chain , the atlantic wall . it was a turning point in world war ii , though over 3,500 men were lost.the invasion started with airborne landings at 3:30 am , and the seaborne invasion started at 6:30 am and took 19 hours . operation overlord was planned for months , and was scheduled for june 5 , but was delayed due to bad weather . in the next several months the allies fought in france and took various useful ports such as caen , and later paris . after less than a year , the allies entered nazi germany , and germany surrendered.an invasion of southern france was intended to start at the same time , but there were not enough landing craft for both . its actual d - day was august 15 .
an editorial , leading article ( us ) or leader ( uk ) , is an article written by the senior editors of a newspaper or magazine . the article is often unsigned . australian and major united states newspapers , such as " the new york times " and " the boston globe " , often give editorials the heading " opinion " . editorials can also be in the form of a cartoon.the editors decide on which issues their readers will want to know the newspaper 's opinion.editorials are usually published on a special page , called the editorial page . this often features letters to the editor from members of the public . the page opposite this page is called the op - ed page ( opposite the editorial ) ; and has opinion pieces by writers not employed by the publication . however , a newspaper may choose to publish an editorial on the front page . in the english - language press , this occurs rarely and only on topics considered very important ; it is more common , however , in some european countries such as spain , italy , and france.many newspapers do not put the name of the author on the editorial . tom clark , editorial writer for " the guardian " , argues that it helps readers discuss the issue , not the author . on the other hand , an editorial does reflect the position of a newspaper and the head of the newspaper , the editor , is known by name . whilst the editor will often not write the editorial themselves , they maintain oversight and retain responsibility.when " the press " , a new zealand newspaper based in christchurch , changed after 157 years from broadsheet to compact in 2018 , they published a list of editorials where current thinking differs from opinions expressed at the time . one example was the change in their view on women 's suffrage in new zealand . the government gave women the vote in 1893 , and the editorial said that women would " much prefer staying at home and attending to their household duties " than going to the polling booths.in fashion publishing , the term is often used to refer to " photo " - editorials . these are often full - page photographs on a particular theme , designer , model or other single topic , with or ( as in a photo - essay ) without accompanying text .
booting is what happens when a computer starts . this happens when the power is turned on . it is called " reboot " if it happens at other times . when you boot a computer , your processor looks for instructions in system rom ( the bios ) and executes them . they normally ' wake up ' peripheral equipment and search for the boot device . the boot device either loads the operating system or gets it from someplace else.people use the word " boot " to mean " to start a computer " or other device with electronics built in . for example , if a person wants to ask a friend to turn on a satellite phone , they would say " could you boot up the satellite phone ? " . most operating systems call the first data storage device it uses a boot device . it may also be called a bootstrap loader . this is because the computer is making itself go , as in the idiom . when we start a computer , we can often see the simple instructions the computer uses to start , then more complicated pictures or software.the phrase " to boot " in this meaning is short for " to bootstrap " . this use is part of net jargon along with similar multi-use words like internet or web . often the computer is just called a box , so a phrase like " to boot the box " means " to start the computer " . the term " reboot " can also be used in a different context to mean a restarting of a storyline established in previous iterations of a series of fiction .
in modern cryptography , symmetric key ciphers are generally divided into stream ciphers and block ciphers . block ciphers operate on a fixed length string of bits . the length of this bit string is the block size . both the input ( plaintext ) and output ( ciphertext ) are the same length ; the output can not be shorter than the input – this is logically required by the pigeonhole principle and the fact that the cipher must be invertible – and it is simply undesirable for the output to be longer than the input.the des is using a block size of 64 bits ( 8 bytes ) while the aes is using a block size of 128 bits ( 16 bytes ) . rijndael , supports block sizes of 128 , 192 , and 256 bits , although the extra block sizes were not adopted by the aes standard.a few block ciphers , such as rc5 , support a variable block size . the luby - rackoff construction and the outerbridge construction can both increase the effective block size of a cipher.few ciphers have unusual block sizes , for example the 3 - way block cipher have an unusual block size of 96 bits ( 12 bytes ) .
in physics , the angular velocity specifies the angular speed at which an object is rotating along with the direction in which it is rotating.it is a vector quantity . the si unit of angular velocity is radians per second . but it may be measured in other units as well ( such as degrees per second , degrees per hour , etc. ) . when it is measured in cycles or rotations per unit time ( e.g . revolutions per minute ) , it is often called the rotational velocity and its magnitude the rotational speed . angular velocity is usually represented by the symbol omega ( ω or ω ) . the direction of the angular velocity vector is perpendicular to the plane of rotation , in a direction which is usually specified by the right hand rule .
jon llewellyn kyl ( born april 25 , 1942 ) is an american politician . he served as the united states senator from arizona from september 2018 to december 2018 after the death of john mccain . he is a member of the republican party . he was in the united states house of representatives from 1987 to 1995 . before his 2018 appointment , kyle served in the united states senate from january 3 , 1995 , to january 3 , 2013 . he was the senate republican party whip from 2007 until 2013 . kyl was born on april 25 , 1942 in oakland , nebraska . he was the son of john henry kyl , a republican congressman from iowa . in 1964 he graduated from the university of arizona with a bachelor 's degree in political science . in 1966 kyle graduated phi beta kappa from the university of arizona 's james e. rogers college of law . he was editor - in - chief of the school 's law review . in 1966 kyle joined the phoenix , arizona law firm of jennings , strouss , and salmon . in 1985 , he was a member of the phoenix chamber of commerce . he is married to caryll collins . they have two children and several grandchildren.in september 2018 , kyl was appointed by governor doug ducey to serve in the senate seat left empty by the death of john mccain . he retired from the senate on december 31 , 2018 .
menachem begin ( 16 august 1913 – 9 march 1992 ) was an israeli politician . originally a zionist activist in eastern europe , he later became prime minister of israel.in 1941 he joined the free polish army . this is how he arrived in mandatory palestine in 1942 . in 1942 , begin joined the irgun , a zionist - jewish paramilitary organisation , which was labelled as a terrorist organization in the 1940s . from 1943 to 1948 he was commander of the irgun.he was the founder of the israeli political party likud . he was the sixth prime minister of israel.begin ’s most significant acts as prime minister include officially declaring jerusalem the capital of israel , imposing israeli law on the golan heights destroying saddam hussein 's nuclear reactor in iraq controversially leading israel through the early stages of the 1982 lebanon war and most famously signing the egypt – israel peace treaty . for that treaty , begin and anwar sadat shared the nobel peace prize.begin resigned as prime minister in october 1983 . he died on 9 march 1992 after a heart attack . he was buried on the mount of olives .
pan 's labyrinth ( , literally " the labyrinth of the faun " ) is an academy award - winning spanish language fantasy movie written and directed by mexican movie - maker guillermo del toro . " pan 's labyrinth " takes place in two places , known as a dual setting : in the " real world " the story is set in spain during 1944 , and tells a story of a girl named ofelia who is given three tasks by a mysterious faun . meanwhile , her stepfather , the falangist captain vidal , hunts the spanish maquis , guerrillas who continued fighting the franco regime in the region , as her pregnant mother grows ill . the alternate setting is a secret " fantasy world " that ofelia enters through an overgrown labyrinth garden , where she meets all manner of strange and magical creatures who become central to her story . the movie uses make - up , puppetry , and cgi effects to create its creatures.the director of this movie , del toro said that he thinks the story to be a fable , influenced by fairy tales , and that it focuses on and continues themes related to his earlier movie " the devil 's backbone " , a spiritual sequel , though not an actual sequel . the original spanish title refers to the mythological fauns of roman mythology , while the english title refers specifically to the faun - like greek god pan ( intended to help english - speakers differentiate the title from the term fawn ) . however , del toro has stated that the faun in the movie is not pan.the movie was first shown at the 2006 cannes film festival . it was released in the united kingdom on november 24 , 2006 . in the united states and canada , the movie was given a limited release on december 29 , 2006 , with a nationwide release on january 19 , 2007 . " pan 's labyrinth " has won numerous international awards , including three academy awards , the ariel award for best picture , and the 2007 hugo award for best dramatic presentation , long form .
steve nash , oc , obc ( born february 7 , 1974 ) is a canadian retired professional basketball player . he was an eight - time nba all - star and won the nba most valuable player award twice . he played with the dallas mavericks alongside dirk nowitzki , the phoenix suns where he was a star player , and last played for the los angeles lakers . although he was born in south africa , he considers himself canadian ; he moved to canada with his family when he was 18 months old . his family first lived in regina , saskatchewan and then in vancouver before settling in victoria , british columbia , where he grew up . his family left south africa when he was young because of apartheid in south africa . nash has won two nba mvp awards , in 2005 and 2006 , but has never won an nba title . he was one of the people who lit the olympic torch at the 2010 winter olympics in vancouver . nash is regarded as one of the best passers of all time , as well as one of the best pure shooters in basketball history , as highlighted by being a four - time member of the 50-40-90 club.relations & ethnicityhe has a variety off different families stretching all around the world in locations such as , south africa , canada , denmark and englandhe often refers to his rough up bringing , while his mother was in rehab . being passed from relative to relative , a couple off the people he credit to helping in his successful basketball career are john nash ( his father ) , jean nash ( his mother ) , jean farrow ( his mother ’s cousin ) and lola nash ( his aunty ) he is currently the 4th top assists leader in the history of the nba , only behind john stockton , jason kidd and mark jackson . nash is a co-owner of the vancouver whitecaps fc professional soccer team and also owns steve nash sports club , a fitness club.on march 21 , 2015 , nash announced that he was retiring from professional basketball after a 19 - year nba career .
james george janos , better known as jesse ventura , is an american statesman , actor , author , and former professional wrestler . he served as the 38th governor of minnesota from 1999 to 2003 . he was elected in 1998 . he was mayor of brooklyn park , minnesota from 1991 to 1995 . ventura served as a navy udt during the vietnam war . as an actor , he appeared in " the running man " and " predator " . he called wrestling matches with vince mcmahon for tv shows and with gorilla monsoon for pay - per - views in the wwf . in wcw , he called matches with jim ross . ventura and ross teamed up again to call xfl football games.ventura was born on july 15 , 1939 in minneapolis , minnesota . his height is 6 ' 4 " . his wife is theresa larson masters since 1975 . in september 2019 , ventura expressed interest in running for president in 2020 under an independent bid .
anni - frid synni , dowager princess reuss of plauen ( ; née lyngstad , born 15 november 1945 ) , commonly known as frida lyngstad ( ; ) , or just by the mononym , frida ( ) , is a norwegian - born swedish singer - songwriter , and environmentalist . she is best known as one of the lead singers of the swedish pop band abba.in 1996 , lyngstad recorded her final album in swedish , " djupa andetag " ( " deep breaths " ) , released by anderson records , before retiring from music.in 1992 , lyngstad married heinrich ruzzo , prince reuss of plauen , who was a prince of the former sovereign house of reuss . heinrich died of lymphoma in 1999 .
shetland ( or the shetland islands ) is an archipelago , the furthest out part of scotland in the united kingdom.the islands are between the faroe islands and the orkney islands . they are about 50 miles to the northeast of the orkney islands . they are about 100 islands in the group . people live on 16 of them.the islands form part of the boundary between the atlantic ocean to the west , and the north sea to the east.the largest islands of the group are mainland , yell , unst , fetlar , whalsay , and bressay . in general , the climate of the group is subarctic , and rather bleak.they used to be called hjaltland or zetland . today , the islands are part of scotland . the administrative centre is lerwick.the economy of the islands is largely based on agriculture . the sheep are known for their fine wool . other well - known exports are the shetland ponies and shetland sheepdog.in 1969 crude oil was discovered near the islands , leading to an alternative source of income for them .
lactose intolerance is when a person can not digest milk or milk products ( such as cheese or yogurt ) . lactose is a disaccharide sugar ( double sugar molecule ) , which must be split ( digested ) into two simple sugars ( monosaccharides ) , glucose and galactose.an enzyme called lactase is needed to break it down . people with lactose intolerance do not have this enzyme or make only small quantities . because of this they are unable to digest lactose.up to 75 % of people worldwide begin to lose the ability to digest lactose as they grow into adults . this loss of ability ranges from 5 % in northern europe , to over 71 % in sicily and to over 90 % in parts of africa and asia . there is no cure for lactose intolerance . people need to change their diet to only include food with very little lactose . there are many milk substitutes.milk is not a fermented product . if is not digested , then it may ferment in the small intestine which can cause a problem called pseudoallergy . amino acids are changed to other substances , which may act in much the same way as histamine in a true allergy.lactose intolerance is not the same as milk allergy , which is an immune reaction to some of the proteins in milk .
extinction is when a species of animal , plant , or other organisms are no longer living . extinction is one of the major features of evolution.all species become extinct sooner or later . the end of a species may happen for many reasons . it may be caused by habitat loss or by being overhunted , or by a major extinction event . an example of an animal that is now extinct is the dodo , from over-hunting . another quite different way for a species to end is by species - splitting , known as cladogenesis . the species living today probably were not living in the cambrian period , but their ancestors were.endangered species are those which may become extinct . a report from kew gardens suggests that one fifth of plant species may be at risk of extinction . fossil species sometimes reappear millions of years after they were thought to be extinct . these cases are called lazarus taxa .
tokyo is the center of the japanese government . the imperial palace is in tokyo.tokyo is the center of business , trade , and industry of japan and also of asia . the city is the center of the largest metropolitan area in the world.it faces tokyo bay.it became the capital city of japan in the middle of 19th century , when its name changed from " edo " to " tokyo " . before then , kyoto was the capital of japan . the emperor of japan , or tenno , lived in kyoto . edo was the place where the tokugawa shoguns lived . the city grew up under the control of the shoguns . before then it was a small town on the sea . edo means " the mouth of a river " in japanese.tokyo was destroyed by fires started by the great kantō earthquake in 1923 . it was also badly damaged by bombs during world war ii . after japan lost the war , the city was rebuilt .
escape velocity is the initial speed that something would need to completely escape the gravity of a large body , like a star or a planet ( such as the earth ) , by mere inertia.if a ball is thrown upwards while standing on the ground , the ball will reach a certain height ( the faster thrown - the higher ) and fall back down . but imagine if the ball is thrown fast enough that it " never " falls back down , and instead travels into space farther and farther away from the earth . the minimum speed at which this could happen is called the escape velocity.the escape velocity at the surface of the earth is 11.2 kilometers per second ( or 6.96 miles per second ) , assuming there is no drag.this is , of course , a very high speed compared to how fast a ball can be thrown . even a bullet shot into the sky will fall back down , because its initial speed of nearly 1 kilometer per second ( or 0.621 miles per second ) is far from escape velocity.spacecraft starting from the surface of earth has a zero initial speed . but , if it has enough fuel , it may be permanently accelerated by its engine until it reaches escape velocity . then it will travel into space even after the engine is shut off .
a lawn mower ( or lawnmower ) is a machine that uses blades to cut a lawn . there are different types of lawn mowers . the smallest are pushed by a human , they are good for small lawns and gardens . ride - on mowers are good for larger lawns . the largest are pulled behind a tractor , they are made for grass at places like golf courses and parks . always wear safety equipment while working with these machines.a lawn mower functions by spinning either a thin blade , or a small piece of cable , to cause " lacerations " on the stems of grass & other plants . severing the plant and reducing the height of the plant to a more pleasing appearance .
sugar is the common name for a number of chemical substances , some of which have a sweet taste . mostly , it refers to either sucrose , lactose , or fructose . sugar is contained in certain kinds of food , or it is added to give a sweet taste . sugar is extracted from certain plants , such as sugarcane or sugar beet.regular sugar ( the one commonly added to food ) is called " sucrose " . fructose is the sugar that is in fruits . as chemicals , sucrose and fructose are both made by two smaller sugars . glucose is the more common of these smaller sugars . the human body changes regular sugar into the smaller sugars.sugars are a kind of carbohydrate . this is because sugars are made from carbon , hydrogen and oxygen . carbohydrates can be " simple carbohydrates " or " complex carbohydrates " . simple carbohydrates are made of only one or a few of the smallest sugars . complex carbohydrates are made of " many " of the smallest sugars.starch is a chemical found in foods such as bread , crackers , and potatoes . it is a " complex carbohydrate " that is made from many glucose molecules . when starch is eaten , the human body breaks it apart into smaller sugars . an enzyme is added in the mouth , but it only begins to work in the stomach . pure starch is actually tasteless in the mouth.brazil produces the most sugar per person and india 's total consumption of sugar is the highest for a country.there are other chemical substances that can be used to produce a sweet taste , but that are not sugar . one of them , commonly called stevia , is gained from a plant with the same name . others , like aspartame , are completely synthetic . in general , these substances are known as artificial sweeteners , or sugar substitutes . people eat them to avoid health problems that sugar causes.sugar can be different colours . for example , brown sugar has molasses in it , and is often used in baking .
gualtiero marchesi ( ; 19 march 1930 – 26 december 2017 ) was an italian chef . he was thought to be the founder of modern italian cuisine . he was born in milan . he then opened his first restaurant on via bonvesin de la riva in milan . within a year he earned his first michelin star , with another following the next year . it took another seven years , but then he eventually won the distinction of a third michelin star – the first chef in italy to do so.in 2011 , marchesi became the first celebrity chef to design two hamburgers and a dessert for mcdonald 's . in may 2017 , marchesi and director maurizio gigola presented the documentary " " marchesi : the great italian " " at the cannes film festival.marchesi died in rome on 26 december 2017 of cardiac arrest at the age of 87 .
sirimavo ratwatte dias bandaranaike ( 17 april 1916 – 10 october 2000 ) was a sri lankan politician . she served as prime minister three times and was the leader of the sri lanka freedom party . she was the first female to be elected head of government in the world . bandaranaike was the widow of a previous prime minister , solomon bandaranaike , who was murdered in 1959 . her policies were based in socialism and similar to her husband 's . all three of their children later served in the sri lankan government.she spent 40 years in political office . she resigned on 10 august 2000 . exactly two months later she died , aged 84 , of a heart attack .
oliver wolf sacks , cbe ( 9 july 1933 – 30 august 2015 ) was a british neurologist , writer , and amateur chemist . he was professor of neurology at new york university graduate school of medicine . the 1990 movie " awakenings " was based on his book where he was played by robin williams.sacks was born on 9 july 1933 in london , england to a jewish family . he studied at st paul 's school , at queen 's college , cambridge , and at oxford university.he addressed his homosexuality for the first time in his 2015 autobiography " on the move : a life " . sacks was diagnosed with terminal melanoma and liver cancer in january 2015 . he died on 30 august 2015 at his home in new york city at the age of 82 from liver cancer .
jeep is a brand of american automobiles that is a division of fca us llc ( formerly chrysler group , llc ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of fiat chrysler automobiles . the former chrysler corporation acquired the jeep brand , along with the remaining assets of its owner american motors , in 1987 . jeep 's current product range consists solely of sport utility vehicles and off - road vehicles , but has also included pickup trucks in the past.the original jeep was the prototype bantam brc . willys mb jeeps went into production in 1941 specifically for the military . arguably that makes them the oldest four - wheel drive mass - production vehicles now known as suvs . the jeep became the primary light 4 - wheel - drive vehicle of the united states army and the allies during world war ii . it remained so in the postwar period . the term became common worldwide in the wake of the war . doug stewart notes : the first civilian models were produced in 1945 . it inspired a number of other light utility vehicles , such as the land rover . many jeep variants serving similar military and civilian roles have since been designed in other nations . in 2007 jeep began manufacturing crossover suvs with its compass and patriot models . this led to the 2013 jeep cherokee midsize crossover .
neptune ( ) , is the eighth and last planet from the sun in the solar system . it is a gas giant . it is the fourth largest planet and third heaviest . neptune has four rings which are hard to see from the earth . it is seventeen times heavier than earth and is a little bit heavier than uranus . it was named after the roman god of the sea.neptune 's atmosphere is mostly made up of hydrogen and helium . it also contains small amounts of methane which makes the planet appear blue . neptune 's blue color is much darker compared to the color of uranus , which has a similar amount of methane , so there might be another reason why neptune is blue . neptune also has the strongest winds of any planet in the solar system , measured as high as 2,100 km / h or 1,300 mph.neptune was discovered by the astronomers urbain le verrier and john couch adams . they were both honored for the discovery . the planet was the first to be discovered by mathematical calculations instead of using a telescope . uranus was moving oddly in its orbit around the sun , so astronomers searched for another new planet.the planet was visited by only one spacecraft , " voyager 2 " on august 25 , 1989 . neptune once had a huge storm known as the " great dark spot " which was discovered in 1989 by voyager 2 . however , the dark spot was not seen in 1994 , and new spots were found since then . it is not known why the dark spot disappeared . visits by more space probes have been proposed .
massachusetts is a state in the united states of america . its official name is the " commonwealth of massachusetts " . its capital and largest city is boston . it is on the east coast of the united states . it is next to the atlantic ocean and the states of rhode island , connecticut , new york , vermont , and new hampshire . the word " massachusetts " comes from native american language . it means " place with hills . " massachusetts was one of the first places that european people lived when they came to america . it was one of the first american colonies . the pilgrims from plymouth , england came to america for religious freedom in 1620 . massachusetts is home to some of the united states more prestigious universities , such as harvard university . massachusetts is also one of the richest states in the united states . its major cities are boston , worcester , massachusetts , springfield , massachusetts and plymouth , massachusettsmassachusetts is also home to the 6 time super bowl winning new england patriots .
the italian language is a romance language spoken in italy . other countries that use italian as their " official language " are san marino , vatican city and switzerland . slovenia , and croatia also use italian as an official language , but only in some regions . italian is spoken by about 70 million people in several countries , including some parts of monaco , malta , albania , montenegro , dodecanese ( greece ) , eritrea , libya , ethiopia , somalia , tunisia . the standard version from tuscany is used for most writing but other dialects are sometimes written.it is mostly derived from latin , with some words from greek , etruscan and elsewhere . it is called an inflected language - that means that the meaning of words can be changed by changing their endings . italian nouns are either masculine or feminine in gender ( these usually have little to do with natural genders ) . most singular masculine nouns end in - o , and most plural masculine nouns end in - i.most singular feminine nouns end in - a , and most plural feminine nouns end in - e.so : the ending of verbs are quite complicated because of conjugation . the endings depend upon the " tense " of the verb ( past , present , future and so on ) and on the " person " of the verb ( i , you , they etc. ) . because italian grammar uses endings for these inflections , the personal pronoun is not always needed ( in the following example it is in parenthesis ) . so : there are very many of these endings to learn - it is one of the more difficult parts of the italian grammar . but pronunciation is simple - there are just a few rules to learn , and hardly any difficult sounds.many italian words for food have entered the english language , such as : pizza , spaghetti and ravioli . many technical words in music are italian , such as forte and allegro . many musical instrument names are also italian , such as cello and tuba . mafia and come from the darker side of italian culture .
elizabeth i ( 7 september 1533 – 24 march 1603 ) was the queen of england and ireland . she was queen from 17 november 1558 until she died in march 1603 . she was also called good queen bess or the virgin queen or gloriana.she was the daughter of king henry viii of england and anne boleyn , his second wife , and was the last of the tudor dynasty of monarchs . when boleyn was disgraced at court and executed , elizabeth 's life became a troubled one , including being locked up in the tower of london , an old prison.despite that , elizabeth reigned with intelligence and hard work . her reign was distinguished with great achievements in the arts , trade , and exploration . she ably defended her country through the days of the spanish armada . she never married , but had several favourites , including the earl of leicester . at her death in 1603 , king james vi of scotland was named her successor .
the russian empire , also called imperial russia , was a country which was located in europe as well as asia . it started in 1721 when peter i of russia proclaimed it . before that , it was known as the duchy of moscow . it lasted until it was declared a republic in march 1917 after the russian revolution . it was an absolute monarchy ruled by russian emperors known as ' tsars ' . they were members of the house of romanov and believed that they had the divine right of kings over their people.in 1914 , the russian empire covered an area of about 21,799,825 km ² . in 1897 , it had a population of 128,200,000 ( 1897 year ) . its official language was the russian language . its official church was the russian orthodox church.the russian empire was led by a tsar who had complete control of the nation . in this absolute monarchy only tsar could create and revoke laws . in 1905 the tsar granted a new constitution in which he shared some power with a partly elected duma ( parliament . the russian empire was a great power , and one of the biggest empires that ever existed .
the canary islands are a group of islands off the coast of morocco . they are an autonomous community of spain ( they make their own laws ) . there are seven main islands . the people who live there speak spanish . the autonomous community has two capital cities , of equal status : santa cruz de tenerife and las palmas de gran canaria . like the other islands of macaronesia , they were created by volcanoes on the bottom of the sea . those volcanoes slowly rose above the water and became islands . this process lasted many thousands of years.the islands have a very long and interesting history . when europeans first came to the canary islands , they found people already living there . these people were called the guanches . many of the guanches were killed in 15th century battles with the spanish , and the ones who remained adopted the spanish way of life . after the spanish conquest many battles were also fought against pirates . most recently morocco was interested in them.after the spanish conquest many europeans settled there . portuguese and spaniards , and also belgians and maltese were among the early settlers . recently many people from all over europe , america , india and africa have also become citizens or permanent residents.the seven islands are : la palma , la gomera , el hierro , tenerife , gran canaria , lanzarote , and fuerteventura . people from la gomera have a whistle language that children there learn at school . tenerife has the highest mountain in the canary islands and spain too , the teide . the teide is actually a volcano , but it has not been active in more than 300 years.the islands are popular with tourists because of their warm climate and nice beaches . the local farmers grow lots of exotic fruits including papayas and bananas.the canary islands ' main exports include bananas and tobacco .
the adriatic sea is a body of water and is a part of the mediterranean sea . the italian peninsula from the balkan peninsula was sepatated by the sea . countries that have a coastline in the adriatic sea are italy , slovenia , croatia , bosnia and herzegovina , montenegro and albania.the average width of the sea is about 160 km . the strait of otranto joins the adriatic sea and the ionian sea and is only 85 to 100 km wide . the sea is very shallow . its average depth is 240 m ( 133 fathoms ) . the sea is deepest east of monte gargano and south of dubrovnik where it dips below 1,460 m ( 800 fathoms ) .
minor can mean :
plasma could mean :
berkeley could mean :
discord may mean :
era may refer to :
neural network can be :
a duster can be :
the word distribution has several meanings :
daisuke saito can refer to :
do n't stop may be :
79 is a year in the 1st century .
all i ever wanted can mean different things .
east york may mean one of two places :
brevig mission is a city in alaska .
mounds is a city in illinois in the united states .
riverside is a city in ohio in the united states .
cadiz is a village in ohio in the united states .
metropolis is a city in illinois in the united states .
ferdinand is a city in idaho in the united states .
kaufman astoria studios is a movie studio in new york .
turkey participates at the summer universiade from 1985 .
ravenna is a city of kentucky in the united states .
erasmus can refer to : people : in rotterdam : other :
bedford heights is a city in ohio in the united states .
yeager is a town in oklahoma in the united states .
clarion is a city in iowa in the united states .
balltown is a city in iowa in the united states .
dibble is a town of oklahoma in the united states .
cuba national football team is the national football team of cuba .
the 15th century is the century from 1401 to 1500 .
delta county is the name of three counties in the united states :
chapin is an unincorporated community of idaho in the united states .
chidester is a city in the us state of arkansas .
the municipality calls itself " fujidera city " in english .
washington county is the name of several counties in the united states :
fairview heights is a city in illinois in the united states .
catlettsburg is a city of kentucky in the united states .
open university of hong kong is a public university in hong kong .
gonzo may refer to : in fictional characters : in nicknames :
this is a list of cities and towns in the country of jordan .
meigs county is the name of two counties in the united states :
bibb county is the name of two counties in the united states :
erkkilä is a finnish surname . some people with this surname are :
podari is a commune found in dolj county , romania .
maud is a city in the u.s. state of texas .
fowler is a town in benton county , indiana , in the united states
armstrong is a town in the u.s. state of oklahoma .
wind gap is a borough in northampton county , pennsylvania , united states .
castlebar ( ) is the county town of county mayo in ireland .
claremont is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
cockburn town is the capital city of the turks and caicos islands .
earlsboro is a town in the u.s. state of oklahoma .
elmore is a town in the u.s. state of alabama .
the university of northern iowa is a public university in cedar falls , iowa .
anderson is a city in the state of indiana , in the united states .
year 370 bc was a year of the pre-julian roman calendar .
matayoshi died from pneumonia on 20 july 2018 in tokyo , aged 74 .
these are characters that appear in the arthur book series and the tv show .
mudrike is populated place in bosnia and herzegovina , travnik municipality .
wakefield , virginia is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
the american association ( aa ) was a baseball major league from 1882 to 1891 .
republic of ireland national football team is the national football team of republic of ireland .
mark kozelek ( born january 24 , 1967 ) is an american singer .
scorpion is an album released on june 29 , 2018 , by canadian rapper drake .
francisco javier fernández torrejón ( born 19 august 1975 ) is a former chilean football player .
waverly , virginia is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
" mitrovica is a term which can apply with to cities in serbia : "
a network node is another name for a single computer in a network of other computers .
takagi died on january 17 , 2020 of heart failure at the age of 78 .
companies headquartered in tulsa , oklahomathis list is very out of date and incomplete .
chiba means more than one thing.chiba is also a common family name in japan .
the 20th century bc is a century which lasted from the year 2000 bc to 1901 bc .
oberentzen is a commune in the haut - rhin department of east france .
amol ( ) is the capital city of the mazandaran province in iran .
1908 ( mcmviii ) was a leap year starting on wednesday of the gregorian calendar .
the following is a list of the 324 communes of the tarn " département " in france .
a semantic resolution tree is a tree used for the definition of the semantics of a programming language .
hersberg is a municipality in liestal in the canton of basel - landschaft in switzerland .
2021 ( mmxxi ) will be a common year starting on friday in the gregorian calendar .
jedek is an aslian language from malaysia . it is spoken by about 280 people .
robie creek is a census - designated place ( cdp ) of idaho in the united states .
club universidad de chile is a football club in santiago de chile playing in the chilean primera división .
satteins is a municipality in feldkirch in the austrian state of vorarlberg .
this is the filmography of former indian actress jayalalitha who has acted in over 140 films .
cheney is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
this is a list of the 353 communes of the gard " département " , in france .
sud - est ( " south east " ) is a development region in romania.source :
vandervoort is a town of polk county in the state of arkansas in the united states .
naughton is a village in suffolk , england . it has a church called st mary .
industrial waste is the waste produced by industrial activity , such as that of factories , mills and mines .
year 1227 ( mccxxvii ) was a common year starting on friday of the julian calendar .
loriges is a commune . it is found in the allier department in the center of france .
the azerbaijan ( ) is a state - owned newspaper and public journal published by the national assembly of azerbaijan .
alle is a municipality of the district porrentruy of the canton of jura in switzerland .
zoran mirković is a former football player . he has played for the serbia and montenegro national team .
gagny is a commune . it is found in the seine - saint - denis department in france .
snap ! is an electronic music group created by german producers michael münzing and luca anzilotti .
smolyan province is a province in bulgaria . the capital city is also named smolyan .
pattern language is used to mean a system of patterns that have a certain meaning other than just the pattern .
chassenard is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
oshima ( ) is a japanese word which means big island . japan has several places called oshima :
reugny is a commune . it is found in the allier department in the center of france .
remetschwil is a municipality of the district of baden in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
armancourt is a commune in the somme department in hauts - de-france in northern france .
schwadernau is a municipality in biel / bienne in the canton of berne in switzerland .
sazeret is a commune . it is found in the allier department in the center of france .
rüti bei büren is a municipality in the administrative district of seeland in the canton of berne in switzerland .
steven reid ( born 10 march 1981 ) is an irish football player . he plays for west bromwich albion .
gooding is a city in idaho in the united states . it is the county seat of gooding county
cajvana is a town of suceava county in the southern part of bukovina in romania .
ludwig wilhelm erhard ( 4 february 1897 in fürth - 5 may 1977 in bonn ) was a german politician .
hernán crespo ( born 5 july 1975 ) is an argentine football player . he plays for parma .
this is a list of communes of the somme department in france . there are 782 communes in the department .
on 15 march 1947 , the ward of kita was formed by combining the wards of ōji and takinogawa .
an observation deck is a place up high where people can see things . they are usually on buildings or mountains .
matt is a former municipality , in the municipality of glarus süd and canton of glarus in switzerland .
childress is a city in the us state of texas . it is the county seat of childress county .
fratton park is a football stadium in england . it is the home stadium of portsmouth f.c. .
frances winfield is the wife of an american politician , l. paul bremer iii . they have two children .
bleienbach is a municipality in the administrative district of oberaargau in the canton of berne in switzerland .
froidfond is a commune . it is in pays de la loire in the vendée department in west france .
tegerfelden is a municipality of the district of zurzach in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
this is a list of rivers of trinidad and tobago . tributaries are indented under each larger stream 's name .
charlotte 's web is a 1952 children 's book written by e. b. white.it can also mean :
tramelan is a municipality of the administrative district of jura bernois in the canton of berne in switzerland .
toffen is a municipality in the administrative district of bern - mittelland in the canton of berne in switzerland .
nicolae dică ( born 9 may 1980 ) is a former romanian football player . he plays for romania national team .
dalymount park is a football stadium in dublin , ireland . it is the home of bohemian f.c. .
extensive reading is a way of learning a language , especially a second or foreign language , by reading large mount of texts .
joel chianese is an australian footballer who plays as a forward for perth glory.he played for sydney f.c .
hofstetten - flüh is a municipality in the district dorneck in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
enzo scifo ( born 19 february 1966 ) is a former belgian football player . he has played for belgium national team .
angkaliya curtis ( born c. 1928 ) is an australian aboriginal artist . she paints animals from the central australian desert .
personal grooming , also called titivating and preening , is the art of cleaning and grooming parts of the body .
eastland is a city in the u.s. state of texas . it is the county seat of eastland county .
unteriberg is a village and municipality in schwyz district in the canton of schwyz in switzerland .
desoto is a city in dallas county , texas . as of 2010 , it had a population of 49,047 .
niclas alexandersson ( born 29 december 1971 ) is a former swedish football player . he has played for sweden national team .
nashville is a city in the u.s. state of georgia . it is the county seat of berrien county .
essunga municipality ( ) is a municipality in västra götaland county in southern sweden . the seat is in nossebro .
samsun is a city in northern turkey next to the black sea . about 600,000 people live in samsun .
shawnee is a city in oklahoma in the united states . it is the county seat of pottawatomie county .
robert ray " rod " roddy ( september 28 , 1937 – october 27 , 2003 ) was an american television and radio announcer .
the banker horse is a breed that used to be domesticated , but now roams wild on north carolina 's outer banks .
claudio pizarro ( born 3 october 1978 ) is a peruvian football player . he has played for the peruvian national team .
the british rail class 487 electric multiple units were built by english electric in 1940 , for use on the waterloo & city line .
brasparts ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
la chapelle - aux - chasses is a commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
théligny is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
serres - sainte - marie is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
aigné is a commune . it is found in the pays de la loire region in the sarthe department in the west of france .
this is a list of rivers of saint lucia . rivers are listed in clockwise order , starting at the north end of the island .
matli is the largest taluka of badin district in the sindh province of pakistan . it is administratively divided into 13 union councils .
andale is a city in sedgwick county , kansas , united states . in 2010 , 928 people lived there .
nelsinho baptista ( born 22 july 1950 ) is a brazilian football manager . he manages for kashiwa reysol .
the aria charts are the charts that measure how popular music is in australia . the charts are created by the australian recording industry association .
noureddine naybet ( born 10 february 1970 ) is a former moroccan football player . he has played for morocco national team .
christian karembeu ( born 3 december 1970 ) is a former french football player . he has played for france national team .
frode johnsen ( born 17 march 1974 ) is a norwegian football player . he plays for shimizu s - pulse .
the chinese convert is a famous 1687 painting by godfrey kneller depicting the chinese man michael alphonsius shen fu - tsung .
vaas is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
southwest alaska is a region of the u.s. state of alaska . there is no official rule about where it begins and ends .
saint - bonnet - de-rochefort is a commune . it is found in the allier department in the center of france .
josé santamaría ( born 31 july , 1929 ) is a former football player . he has played for uruguay national team and spain national team .
grass valley is a small city in nevada county , california , united states . as of 2010 , the population is 12,860 .
lagorce , gironde is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
valennes is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
prangins is a municipality in the district of nyon in the canton of vaud in switzerland . it is next to lake geneva .
lie sang bong is a korean fashion designer . his designs have been worn by beyoncé , rihanna , lady gaga , and lindsay lohan .
pujols , gironde is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
kojak : the price of justice ( 1987 ) is an american television film , starring by telly savalas and directed by alan metzger .
passau is a city in lower bavaria , germany . it is also called the three river city because there are three rivers in the city .
hans - peter briegel ( born 11 october 1955 ) is a former german football player . he has played for west germany national team .
saint - calais is a commune . it is found in the pays de la loire region in the sarthe department in the west of france .
obafemi martins ( born 28 october 1984 ) is a nigerian football player . he plays for seattle sounders fc and nigeria national team .
glos is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
buttelstedt is a town in the weimarer land district , in thuringia , germany . it is 11 km north of weimar .
anadarko is the county seat of caddo county , oklahoma , united states . the population was 6,645 at the 2000 census .
giampaolo menichelli ( born 29 june , 1938 ) is a former italian football player . he has played for italy national team .
ryan prosser born 10 july , 1988 in wales is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership . he plays as a hooker .
rowardennan ( gaelic : " rubha aird eònain " ) is a small hamlet on the eastern shore of loch lomond in scotland .
birdbrook is a village and civil parish in braintree district , essex , england . in 2001 there were 369 people living in birdbrook .
cristian chivu ( born 26 october 1980 ) is a romanian football player . he plays for internazionale milano and romania national team .
fyfield is a village and civil parish in epping forest , essex , england . in 2001 there were 737 people living in fyfield .
ferrières is a municipality in the belgian province of liège.in 2007 , 4505 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 23 north , 05 ° 36 east .
giron is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
comunardo niccolai ( born 15 december , 1946 ) is a former italian football player . he has played for italy 's national team .
monchiet is a commune . it is nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in north france .
adhemar ferreira de camargo neto ( born 27 april 1972 ) , usually just called adhemar , is a former brazilian football player .
the price of betrayal ( ) is a 1915 swedish drama movie directed by victor sjöström and starring gabriel alw , stina berg , egil eide .
challis is a city in idaho in the united states . the 2000 united states census found out that the population of the city is about 909 .
riedisheim is a commune in the haut - rhin department of east france . in 2015 , 12,151 people lived there .
koskullskulle is a locality in gällivare municipality in norrbotten county in sweden . in 2010 , 874 people lived there .
the škoda fabia is a automobile produced by škoda auto in two generations since 1999 . it is currently in its third generation which launched in late 2014 .
bridlington is a town in the east riding of yorkshire , england . in 2001 there were 33,837 people living in bridlington .
le plantay is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
marcy , aisne is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
nizy - le - comte is a commune . it is found in the picardie region in the aisne department in the north of france .
fernando eid ( born 20 june 1992 ) is a bolivian journalist and media personality . he currently reports for the morning magazine al día and television station bolivisión .
barnesville is a village in belmont county , ohio , united states . as of the 2010 census , the village had a population of 4,193 .
e minor is a musical major scale starting on e. its key signature has three flats.its relative major is c minor and its parallel major is e minor .
newbridge ( droichead nua in gaelic ) is a town in county kildare , republic of ireland . it is the second largest town in kildare .
sankt anton am arlberg is a ski resort in the state of tyrol , austria . it was the host of the alpine world ski championships in 2001 .
pavement was an indie rock band from california , united states . they made music from 1989 until 1999 . they were on the music label matador records .
mikhail alexandrovich bakunin ( ; – 1 july 1876 ) was a russian anarchist . he was one of the early founders of anarchism .
karel svoboda ( 19 december 1938 – 28 january 2007 ) was a czech composer of popular music . he wrote music for many tv series in the 1970s .
calama is a commune and city of chile . it is the capital of province of el loa , and is in the region of antofagasta .
versigny , aisne is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
david adkins ( born november 10 , 1956 ) , better known as sinbad , is an american stand - up comedian , actor , rapper , and voice artist .
rheinstetten is a city in the south - west of germany , in the state of baden - württemberg . it has about 20,000 inhabitants .
mergers and acquisitions ( m & a ) are transactions in which the ownership of companies , other business organizations , or their operating units are transferred or united with other entities .
a reward is getting something good for doing a given task . it needs someone who has the power to give the good thing . it is the opposite of punishment .
abdelaziz djerad ( ; born 12 february 1954 ) is an algerian politician . he has been the 18th prime minister of algeria since 28 december 2019 .
franzobel is the pseudonym of the austrian writer stefan griebl . he was born on march 1 , 1967 in vöcklabruck . he now lives in vienna .
union city is a city in and the county seat of obion county , tennessee , united states . the population was 10,895 at the 2010 census .
crosscanonby is a village and civil parish in allerdale , cumbria , england . in 2001 there were 1054 people living in crosscanonby .
adlkofen is a municipality of the district of landshut in lower bavaria in germany . as of 31 december 2018 , 4,321 people lived there .
serrières - de-briord is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
morscheid is a municipality in the trier - saarburg district , in rhineland - palatinate , germany . as of 31 december 2018 , 946 people lived there .
étrun is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
saint - rémy , calvados is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
the following is a list of the 32 communes of the guadeloupe overseas department of france.former communes detached from guadeloupe on february 22 , 2007 :
bonaventure kalou ( born 12 january 1978 ) is a côte d'ivoire football player . he has played for côte d'ivoire national team .
the arrondissement of nancy is an arrondissement of france , in the meurthe - et - moselle department , grand est region . its capital is the city of nancy .
stapleford tawney is a village and civil parish in epping forest , essex , england . in 2001 there were 103 people living in stapleford tawney .
land and sons ( ) is a 1980 icelandic drama movie directed by ágúst guðmundsson and starring sigurður sigurjónsson , jón sigurbjörnsson , jónas tryggvason .
schwäbisch hall is a " landkreis " ( district ) in the northeast of baden - württemberg , germany.the jagst and kocher rivers flow through the district .
lafayette county is a county in the u.s. state of wisconsin . as of 2000 , 16,137 people lived there . its county seat is darlington .
holley is an unincorporated community and census - designated place in santa rosa county , florida , united states . its population was 1,630 as of the 2010 census .
drum machine is an electronic musical instrument made to imitate the sound of percussion instruments . drum machines are commonly used in electronic music genres , but also used in other genres .
ernest borgnine ( born ermes effron borgnino ; january 24 , 1917 – july 8 , 2012 ) was an american actor , voice artist , and comedian .
the beech is a large tree in the genus fagus in the plant family fagaceae . there are about 10 species , all native to europe asia and north america .
châteaubourg is a town and commune of the ardèche " département " , in the southern part of france . the commune has a population of about 200 people as of the year 1999 .
saint - julien - sur - calonne is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
monts - en - bessin is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
sanghen is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
montreuil - en - auge is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
the 1992 yukon general election was held on october 19 , 1992 to elect members of the legislative assembly of the territory of yukon , canada . it was won by the yukon party .
desvres is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
kenny albert ( born february 2 , 1968 ) is a sportscaster employed by msg and fox sports . kenny is the son of marv albert , a veteran basketball announcer .
lipscomb county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 3,302 people lived there . the county seat is lipscomb .
parmer county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 10,269 people lived there . the county seat is farwell .
twiztid are an american hip - hop / horrorcore group from detroit , michigan . the group consists of two members : jamie madrox and monoxide .
werner michael blumenthal ( born january 3 , 1926 ) is an american politician . he was the united states secretary of the treasury under president jimmy carter from 1977 to 1979 .
le breuil - en - auge is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
houdain is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
david jalbert ( born may 5 , 1980 ) is a canadian folk musician and singer - songwriter . he is from mascouche , québec . he plays guitar and sings .
daluis is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the alpes - maritimes department in the south of france .
arzens is a commune of 1,238 people ( 2017 ) . it is in the region occitanie in the aude department in the south of france .
sibley county is a county in the u.s. state of minnesota . as of 2010 , 15,226 people lived there . the county seat is gaylord .
villedieu is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
lee county is a county in the u.s. state of florida . as of 2000 , 440,888 people lived there . lee county was created in 1887 .
enner valencia ( born april 11 , 1989 ) is a ecuadorian association football striker . he plays for c.f . pachuca and the ecuador national football team .
pashupatinath is one of the most sacred temples of hindu . it is in kathmandu , the capital city of nepal . it is the temple of the hindu god shiva .
the nellis solar power plant was the largest solar power plant in north america when it was built in 2007 . it is in nellis air force base in clark county , nevada .
paramus ( ) is a borough in bergen county , new jersey , united states . as of the 2010 united states census , the borough 's population was 26,342 .
the air forces of the national people 's army ( ) was the air force of east germany . it was a part of the national people 's army , established in 1956 .
hotel transylvania is an american comedy film produced by columbia pictures and sony pictures animation , starring adam sandler as the voice of dracula and selena gomez as mavis , dracula 's daughter .
the homecoming saga is a science fiction series by orson scott card . the series is patterned on the book of mormon . some of the names also come from the book of mormon .
milden is a village and civil parish in babergh , suffolk , england . in 2001 , there were 106 people living in milden . it has a church called st peter .
bailleulmont is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
russell is the most biggest city in russell county , kansas , united states . it is also the county seat of russell county . in 2010 , 4,506 people lived there .
skyline is a city in blue earth county , minnesota in the united states . 330 people were living in skyline as of 2000 . skyline has an area of 0.2 square miles .
lochristi is a municipality in the belgian province of east flanders.in 2007 , 20395 people lived there . it is at 51 ° 05 north , 03 ° 50 east .
kettleburgh is a village and civil parish in suffolk coastal , suffolk , england . in 2001 there were 299 people living in kettleburgh . kettleburgh has a church called st andrew .
ganderbal ( ) is unit and a sub-district of ganderbal district , jammu and kashmir state of india . it used to be part of srinagar district .
tombali is a region in southern guinea - bissau . the regional capital is catió.as of the 2009 census , 94,939 people lived there . it has an area of .
camagüey is a city and municipality in central cuba . it is the country 's third largest city and capital of the camagüey province . it has more than 321,000 inhabitants .
metallurgy is the study of metals . alloys ( mixtures of metals ) are also studied . people who study or work with metals are called " metallurgists " .
cambligneul is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
krishan kant ( 28 february 1927 – 27 july 2002 ) was the tenth vice president of india from 1997 until his death . previously , he was governor of andhra pradesh from 1990 to 1997 .
the seabed ( also sea floor , seafloor , or ocean floor ) is the bottom of the ocean . the ocean floor has been explored by submarines and to some extent scuba divers .
alexander andrijevski ( born august 10 , 1968 in minsk , belarus ) was a belarusian professional hockey right winger who played one game for the chicago blackhawks in the national hockey league .
haacht is a municipality in the belgian province of flemish brabant.in 2018 , 14,470 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 58 north , 04 ° 38 east .
hintlesham is a village and civil parish on the a1071 road in babergh , suffolk , england . in 2001 , there were 564 people living in hintlesham .
river hebert is a village on the river hebert in cumberland county , nova scotia , canada.it is approximately 25 kilometres southwest of amherst . as of 2006 the population was 543 .
pamela suzette grier ( born may 26 , 1949 ) is an american actress . her movies include " jackie brown " . she was born in winston - salem , north carolina .
ambrières - les - vallées is a commune of 2,903 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
beaufort - blavincourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
wayne county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia . as of the 2010 census , 30,099 people lived there . the county seat is jesup .
saint - aubin - sur - mer , calvados is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
tattnall county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia . as of the 2010 census , 25,520 people lived there . the county seat is reidsville .
invented traditions are those traditions of recent origin which may claim to be old but are usually recently invented ( made up ) . for example : there are rules to see which traditions are real or fake .
alejandro javier garcía padilla ( born august 3 , 1971 ) is a puerto rican politician . he was the governor of puerto rico from 2013 to 2017 . he was elected governor in january 2013 .
wenatchee is a city in washington state , the united states of america . the city has a population of about 30,000 people . it is served by pangborn memorial airport .
take it home is a song from the hit debut album by the white tie affair called " walk this way " . the song was not required to be an official single , but did has hit airplay .
mario altmann ( born november 4 , 1986 in vienna ) is an austrian ice hockey player who was participating at the 2011 iihf world championship as a member of the austria men 's national ice hockey team .
pedaliaceae ( pedalium family or sesame family ) is a flowering plant in the scrophulariales family.sesame , " sesamum indicum " , is the source of sesame seeds .
takao yoshida ( born october 26 , 1973 ) is a japanese professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist who is currently working for new japan pro wrestling under the ring name , taka michinoku .
the phrase combines the words " yamato " , which is an ancient name for japan , and " nadeshiko " , which is a wild pink carnation ( dianthus superbus ) .
ni railways also known as northern ireland railways is the national railway of northern ireland . it is run by translink , and they also run buses such as ulsterbus and buses in belfast called metro . .
torcé - viviers - en - charnie is a commune of 737 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
anthony j . " tony " hrkac ( ) ( born july 7 , 1966 in thunder bay , ontario ) is a canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the houston aeros of the ahl .
the arrondissement of bourges is an arrondissement of france , in the cher department , centre - val de loire region . its capital , and prefecture of the department , is the city of bourges .
antony passage is a hamlet in south - east cornwall , england , uk . it is located by the river lynher ( a tributary of the river tamar ) on the opposite bank to antony village .
boňkov is a small village near herálec in the havlíčkův brod district , vysočina region of the czech republic . 58 people live in boňkov . its size is . it was first documented in 1305 .
milton is a hamlet in stirling , scotland near the bigger village aberfoyle . it was named after a mill that is no longer used . the mill has a cast iron millwheel from 1667 .
nevada county is a county in the sierra nevada of california . as of the 2010 census , the population was 98,764 . the county seat is nevada city . it was created in 1851 .
electronic paper and e-paper are display devices that look like ordinary ink on paper.many electronic paper technologies keep the same text and images indefinitely without electricity . flexible electronic paper uses plastic for the display .
the hessians were german soldiers who were hired to fight for the british empire.some princes in germany agreed to give great britain men to fight in return for money and were made rich by their soldiers ' services .
maracon is a municipality in lavaux - oron in the canton of vaud in switzerland . on 1 january 2003 the former municipality la rogivue became part of the the municipality called maracon .
venezuela was first at the olympic games in 1948 and has been in every summer olympic games since . venezuela has also been in the winter olympic games since 1998 . the national olympic committee for venezuela was formed in 1935 .
the bethlehem baptist church ( bbc ) is a megachurch in minneapolis , minnesota . the church was started in 1871 as the first swedish baptist church of minneapolis . since 1980 , their pastor has been john piper .
south central oklahoma , or arbuckle country , as officially defined by the oklahoma department of tourism , is an 10 - county region in the state of oklahoma . it is centered around the arbuckle mountains .
the percival pembroke is a british military light transport aircraft . it is a twin - engine aircraft . it was used by the raf and many other militaries operators . its first flight was in november 1952 .
caumont , pas - de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
la madelaine - sous - montreuil is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
bon iver is an american indie folk band . the band was started in eau claire in 2007 by justin vernon . the band has seven members . their most well known song is " skinny love " .
the jurassic is the second geological period in the mesozoic era . it began 201.3 million years ago , and ended 145 million years ago . the jurassic period happened between the triassic and cretaceous periods .
merseyrail is a british train operating company owned by serco - abelio and overseen by merseytravel . they provides passenger rail services across merseyside . they run 59 trains serving 67 stations .
warrensville heights is a city located in cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . it is an east side suburb of cleveland . the population was 13,542 at the 2010 u.s. census .
jason jaspers ( born april 8 , 1981 in thunder bay , ontario ) , is a canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing for kölner haie ( the cologne sharks ) of the deutsche eishockey liga .
fast and fearless is a 1924 american silent western movie directed by richard thorpe and starring buffalo bill , jr. , jean arthur , george magrill , julian rivero , steve clemente . it was distributed by action pictures .
cliff floyd is a baseball player who was born in chicago , illinois . he was born on december 5 , 1972 . he is a sagittarius . he is 6 ' 4 " and weighs 230 pounds .
eastern washington university is a public university in cheney , washington . the university has about 10,750 students . it was founded in 1882 . the current president of the university is dr. rodolfo arévalo .
madeleine vionnet ( 22 june 1876 – 2 march 1975 ) was a french fashion designer . she used the bias cut , made grecian - style dresses and introduced haute couture design to high street shops .
on 21 march 2019 , an explosion occurred at a chemical plant in chenjiagang chemical industry park , , xiangshui county , yancheng , jiangsu , china .78 people died and 617 got injured in this accident .
saint anna of kashin ( 1280 – 2 october 1368 ) was a russian princess from the rurik dynasty . she was given sainthood in 1650 . her feast day , october 2 , was created in 1909 .
beverley joan " bev " oda , pc , mp ( born july 27 , 1944 ) is a canadian teacher , television broadcaster and politician . she was the first japanese - canadian member of the house of commons of canada .
charles frederick " karch " kiraly ( ) ( born november 3 , 1960 ) is an american volleyball player , coach and broadcast announcer.he was born in jackson , michigan . he grew up in santa barbara , california .
lawrence is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states . it is near the merrimack river . according to the 2010 u.s. census , the city had a total population of 76,377 .
the horn of africa ( alternatively northeast africa , and sometimes somali peninsula ) is a peninsula in east africa that protrudes into the somali sea and guardafui channel , and lies along the southern side of the gulf of aden .
le ponthou ( ) is a former commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2019 , it was merged into the commune of plouigneau .
this is a list of metro stations of baku metro in baku , azerbaijan . at present baku metro has 25 metro stations . line 1 has 13 metro stations , line 2 has 10 metro stations and line 3 has 2 metro stations .
british telecommunications group plc which trades as bt , ( sometimes known as british telecom and still occasionally referred to by that name ) is the privatised uk state telecommunications operator.bt group is the largest communications service provider in the united kingdom .
star wars : clone wars is an american animated television series created by genndy tartakovsky set after from three months after the battle of geonosis and before when anakin turns evil . it serves as a spiritual predecessor to .
the mullsjö pentecostal church ( ) is a church building in mullsjö , sweden . it belongs to the swedish pentecostal movement . the current building was opened in 1964 . it was rebuilt to its current look in 1984 .
julie trustrup jensen ( born 6 april 1994 ) is a danish football midfielder who plays for brøndby if of denmark 's elitedivisionen . since 2013 , she has been a member of the senior danish national team .
evesham township is a township in burlington county in the us state of new jersey , united states . it is a suburb of philadelphia . as of the 2010 united states census , the township 's population was 45,538 .
a yurt , also known as ger in mongolian is a portable , round tent . it is covered with skins or felt . a yurt is commonly used as a dwelling by nomads in the grasslands of central asia .
chuck scherza ( february 15 , 1923 – march 16 , 2014 ) is a former professional ice hockey player who played 11 seasons in the american hockey league , winning a calder cup championship in 1949 . he was born in brandon , manitoba .
couderay is a village in sawyer county in wisconsin in the united states . it is on the couderay river . in the census of 2010 , there were 88 people , 35 households , and 20 families living in the village .
something that has impurity is not pure . for example , water that is clean would be called pure water . water that is dirty would be called impure water . this may result in a change in melting point or boiling point .
chicot county is a county of the u.s. state of arkansas . as of the 2010 census , the population was 11,800 . the county seat is lake village . it was founded on october 25 , 1823 .
ashtabula is a city in ashtabula county , ohio , united states , and the center of the ashtabula micropolitan statistical area.as of the 2010 census , the city had a total population of 19,124 .
morehouse parish is a parish located in the u.s. state of louisiana . as of the 2010 census , the population was 27,979 . the parish seat is bastrop . the parish was formed in 1844 .
hino motors , ltd. ( 日野自動車 , " hino jidōsha " , ) , or just hino , is a manufacturer of diesel trucks , buses , and other vehicles based in tokyo , japan . it is a subsidiary of toyota motor corporation .
silence means no sound that can be heard . it can also mean no communication.a moment of silence is a common way to remember tragedies.the right to silence is a legal protection for people being interrogated by police in some countries .
a deputy prime minister is a government minister who can take the position of the current prime minister when the prime minister is absent . for example , the vice prime minister is often asked to do the prime minister 's work if the prime minister dies .
guttet - feschel is a municipality of the district of leuk in the canton of valais in switzerland.on 1 october 2000 the former municipalities of feschel and guttet merged into the new municipality of guttet - feschel .
roane county is a county of the u.s. state of tennessee . as of the 2010 census , the population was 54,181 . its county seat is kingston . roane county is included in the knoxville metropolitan statistical area .
melissa villaseñor ( born october 9 , 1987 ) is an american actress , stand - up comedian , and impressionist . she is currently a cast member on " saturday night live " since 2016 , making her the first latina on " snl " .
gamma tauri is a multiple star system located in the constellation taurus . it is also called prima hyadum . gamma tauri a is a yellow giant star . gamma tauri a is 13.4 times larger than the sun .
innerferrera ( ) is a village and former municipality of the district hinterrhein in the canton of graubünden in switzerland . on 1 january 2008 the former municipalities of innerferrera and ausserferrera merged into the new municipality of ferrera .
villablino ( " vitsablinu " , in leonese language ) is a municipality in the province of león , castile and león , spain . according to the 2004 census ( ine ) , the municipality has 12,212 people .
numidia ( 202 bc – 46 bc ) was an ancient berber kingdom . it was in modern - day algeria and a smaller part of western tunisia in north africa . it was the first major state in the history of algeria and the berber world .
graz is a city in austria and capital of styria.after vienna , graz has the second highest number of people living in the city . in 2014 the city and surrounding areas had 605,143 people . the city has six universities .
nikolai ivanovich pankin ( ; 2 january 1949 – 13 october 2018 ) was a russian breaststroke swimmer and swimming coach . he competed at the 1968 , 1972 and 1976 summer olympics in the 100m and 200m breaststroke and 4 × 100 m medley relay .
kurt vogel russell ( born march 17 , 1951 ) is an american actor . he was born in springfield , massachusetts to actor bing russell ( 1926 - 2003 ) and louise ( née crone ) . russell has lived with goldie hawn since 1983 .
basque ( basque : ) is the language spoken by the basque people in the basque country and its diaspora . although most other europeans speak indo - european languages , basque is a language isolate and is not related to them or to any other language in the world .
the learjet 24 is a twin - turbojet civil aircraft . it is used as a business jet . it is a modern variant of the learjet 23 . it flew for the first time in 1966 . it was built between 1966 and 1980 .
petrissa solja ( born 11 march 1994 in kandel ) is a german table tennis player . at the world championships 2017 she won a bronzemedal together with fang bo in the mixed - doubles . she is the best female german table tennis player .
the following notable people were born in , residents of , attended an education institution in , or otherwise closely associated with the city of chula vista , california . notation next to name is not what they are notable for , but how they are connected to the city .
space runaway ideon was an animated television series from 1980 . it lasted for 39 episodes before being cancelled . it was originally aired in japan , where it was well known . it also had two movies called " a contact " and " be invoked " .
sangtarashan cave ( , also known as sangshekanan cave and sangeshkan cave ) is located in the jahrom , in southern iran , it is the largest handmade cave in the world . it has several corridors , columns and openings .
norman noel quijano gonzalez ( born november 2 , 1946 ) is an salvadoran politician . he was the mayor of san salvador from may 2009 through august 2013 . he was the president of the legislative assembly of el salvador from may 2018 to november 2019 .
gerald elliot " jerry " heller ( october 6 , 1940 – september 2 , 2016 ) was an american music manager and businessman . he was best known for managing west coast rap supergroup and gangsta rap pioneers n.w.a and eazy - e .
twenty - two is a number . it comes between twenty - one and twenty - three , and is an even number . it is divisible by 1 , 2 , 11 , and 22 . in roman numerals , 22 is written as xxii .
avry is a municipality of the district saane in the canton of fribourg in switzerland . the municipality was created on 1 january 2001 when the municipalities of avry - sur - matran and corjolens joined together to become avry .
escholzmatt is a municipality of the district entlebuch in the canton of lucerne in switzerland.on 1 january 2013 the former municipalities of escholzmatt and marbach merged into the new municipality of escholzmatt - marbach .
barry diamond is an american comedian . he was born in the bronx , new york city . he released " fighter pilot " , on irs records in 1983 . he is also a stand up comedian.he has also acted in some films and television sitcoms .
manuel " junior " agogo ( 1 august 1979 – 22 august 2019 ) was a ghanaian former professional footballer . he played as a striker . his longest spell was at bristol rovers ( 2003 – 06 ) , where he made 140 appearances before moving to nottingham forest .
susanna " susan " kohner ( born november 11 , 1936 ) is an american actress . she is best known for her role as sarah jane in " imitation of life " ( 1959 ) , for which she was nominated for an academy award and won a golden globe award .
the 1969 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1969 and ended on november 30 , 1969 . this season was highly active in fact , at that time it was the most active it has since fallen many times . this season featured the very powerful , hurricane camille .
the bank of america tower is a skyscraper in new york city , united states . it is 452.4 meters ( 1,484 feet ) tall and has 60 floors . it was built in 2003 . it is one of the tallest buildings in the world .
kurt paul schmitt ( 7 october 1886 in heidelberg – 2 november 1950 in heidelberg ) was a german economist and minister for economics of the third reich . he was also a member of hitler 's cabinet.he fought in the first world war and got the iron cross .
the international air transport association is an international industry trade group of airlines . it is headquartered in montreal , quebec , canada , where the international civil aviation organization also is . the main goal of the organization is to assist airline companies to achieve lawful competition and uniformity in prices .
the president of iraq is the head of state of iraq.the president is elected by the council of representatives by a two - thirds majority . and is limited to two four - year terms . the president is responsible for fixing treaties and laws passed by the council of representatives .
gido kokars ( 16 august 1921 – 10 march 2017 ) was a latvian conductor . he was the twin brother of imants kokars , who was also a renowned conductor . he was born in gulbene , latvia . his career began in 1951 .
meulles is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of livarot - pays - d'auge .
mccloud is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in siskiyou county , california , united states . the population was 1,101 at the 2010 census , down from 1,343 at the 2000 census . it is found along california state route 89 .
gibson sg is a solid body electric guitar model that was introduced in 1961 ( as gibson les paul ) by gibson guitar corporation . these guitars are still being made . some models are different from the original . the sg standard is gibson 's best selling model of all time .
lindsey nelson ( may 25 , 1919 – june 10 , 1995 ) was a sportscaster who was best calling play - by - play for the new york mets . other play - by - play announcing besides the mets include the following : the tennessee volunteers baseball stadium is named after nelson .
agilbert ( flourished 650 – ) was frankish by birth and educated in ireland . he became the second bishop to the west saxons after bishop birinus . following a disagreement with king cenwalh of wessex he returned to gaul to eventually become the bishop of paris .
nigel barker ( born april 27 , 1972 in london , england ) is a fashion photographer most popular for being on america 's next top model since cycle 2 . he is still a judge and the 2nd main judge ( only after tyra banks ) . barker is a married man .
antimony pentoxide , also known as antimony pentaoxide and antimony ( v ) oxide , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is sbo . it has antimony and oxide ions in it . the antimony is in its +5 oxidation state .
yoshihisa yoshikawa ( 吉川 貴久 , september 4 , 1936 – october 12 , 2019 ) was a japanese shooter . he competed at the 1960 , 1964 , 1968 and 1972 olympics in the 50 m pistol event . he won bronze medals in 1960 and 1964 .
this page lists the winners and nominees for the bafta award for best special visual effects for each year . the british academy of film and television arts ( bafta ) , is a british organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movies , television , children 's movies and television , and interactive media .
union county is a county in the u.s. state of new mexico . as of the 2010 census , the population was 4,549 , making it the fourth - least populous county in new mexico . its county seat is clayton . the county was formed in 1894 .
monday is a day of the week . in some countries , it is the second day of the week . in other parts of the world , including some countries in europe , monday is the first day of the week.the international standards organization considers monday the first day of the week .
uluṟu - kata tjuṯa national park is a national park of australia . it is in the northern territory , south - west of alice springs . the park surrounds the two huge rock formations after which it is named : uluṟu ( ayers rock ) and kata tjuṯa ( the olgas ) .
mason is a city in the u.s. state of michigan . it is named after the state 's first governor , stevens t. mason . as of the 2010 census , the city population was 8,252 . it is the county seat of ingham county .
the lego batman movie ( seen as the lego batman movie ) is a 2017 american 3d computer - animated superhero comedy movie . it is directed by chris mckay and produced by dan lin , roy lee , phil lord and chris miller . the movie is written by seth grahame - smith .
bulgarians are a south slavic people from southeast europe . there are around 7.3 million bulgarian nationals . the bulgarians speak the bulgarian language and most of them live in bulgaria . there is also a large diaspora of bulgarians in germany , ukraine , spain , uk and usa .
marcel dupré ( born rouen , normandy , 3 may 1886 ; died meudon , near paris , 30 may 1971 ) , was a french organist , composer , and teacher . he became famous all over the world for his organ playing , and he composed a lot of music for that instrument .
elizabeth jane howard , lady amis , cbe , frsl ( 26 march 1923 – 2 january 2014 ) was an english novelist . before being a writer , howard was an actress and a model.howard died at the age of 90 , at her home in bungay , suffolk .
big and little wong tin bar ( ) , also known as seven little valiant fighters ( ) / two of a kind is a 1962 hong kong movie directed by lung to and stars jackie chan , sammo hung , li li - hua , yueh wah . it was distributed by gala distribution .
the dacians were an indo - european people , the ancient inhabitants of dacia ( located in the area in and around the carpathian mountains and east of there to the black sea ) , present - day romania and moldova , parts of sarmatia and scythia minor in southeastern europe .
reginald howard " reggie " white ( december 19 , 1961 – december 26 , 2004 ) was an american football player who is now in the pro football hall of fame . he is well known for being a evangelical christian minister . this led to his nickname , " the minister of defense . "
the speaker of the house of commons is the presiding and chief administrative officer of the house of commons , the lower house and primary chamber of the parliament of the united kingdom.the current speaker , sir lindsay hoyle was elected speaker on 4 november 2019 , following the resignation of john bercow .
michael kwame finnegan ( born michael myvett ; 1951 ) is a belizean politician and hoster . a member of the united democratic party ( udp ) . he is currently minister of housing and urban development in prime minister , dean barrow ‘s cabinet since 14 february 2008 .
this is a list of heads of government of libya since independence in 1951 . since independence , heads of government of libya have been prime ministers from 1951 to 1977 . then general secretaries of the general people 's committee from 1977 to 2011 . prime ministers were back in the libyan government since 2011 .
bastendorf ( ) is a small town in the commune of tandel , in northeastern luxembourg.bastendorf was a commune in the canton of diekirch until 1 january 2006 , when it was merged with fouhren to form the new commune of tandel , in vianden .
valente rodriguez ( born february 14 , 1964 in edcouch , texas ) is an american actor . he is best known for his role as ernesto " ernie " cardenas on the sitcom " george lopez " . he currently stars as cesar in the tv land sitcom " happily divorced " .
the marriage of mr. mississippi ( ) is a 1961 swiss west german comedy movie directed by kurt hoffmann and based on the 1952 play of the same title by friedrich dürrenmatt . it stars o.e . hasse , johanna von koczian , martin held and was distributed by ufa .
avi beker ( 1951 – 4 june 2015 ) was an israeli writer , statesman , and academic . beker served as secretary - general of the world jewish congress from 2001 to 2003 . he was born in tel aviv.beker died on 4 june 2015 of cancer , aged 64 .
tulancingo , officially tulancingo de bravo , is a city in the state of hidalgo in central mexico . the city is in the tulancingo valley . it is from mexico city and from pachuca . it was founded by the toltecs .
arlington is a city in tarrant county , texas , united states . it is in the dallas - fort worth - arlington metropolitan area.arlington has at & t stadium , globe life field , texas live , six flags , the united states bowling congress nuclear regulatory commission region iv and american mensa .
olga teresa krzyżanowska ( 10 september 1929 – 22 june 2018 ) was a polish politician . she was born in warsaw . krzyżanowska served as a senator of poland and a member of the sejm from 1989 to 2005 . krzyżanowska died on 22 june 2018 in gdansk from respiratory failure at the age of 88 .
the chronicles of narnia : prince caspian is a 2008 fantasy movie by disney and walden media . it was released on may 9 , 2008 . it is part of the " chronicles of narnia " movie series.this movie is a follow - up of the 2005 movie " " .
the mullsjö folk high school ( ) is a folk high school in mullsjö in sweden . the school was established in 1949 in jönköping . in 1950 it was moved over to mullsjö . the school is ran by a foundation consisting of the swedish alliance mission , its youth association and " mullsjö folkhögskolas kamratförbund " .
dora is a city in walker county , alabama , united states . at the 2000 census the population was 2,413 . according to the u.s. census bureau , the city has a total area of 7.5 square miles ( 19.5 km ² ) , all of it land .
suelli ( " suèddi " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sud sardegna in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 1,103 people lived there . its area is 19.2 km ² . it is 256 meters above sea level .
all my hits / todos mis exitos vol . 2 was the second series of the " all my hits " collection . it was a greatest hits album by selena . the album included a heart - necklace for fans . the album sold over 400,000 copies in the united states .
the bayer designation for stars uses to assign names to stars . for example : it usually starts with the letter alpha ( α ) assigned to the brightest star in the constellation , then going down the to assign letters for other stars ( beta , gamma , delta , etc . ) in order of decreasing brightness .
chañaral is a small coastal city and commune in the atacama region in the north of chile . it is the capital of the province of chañaral.its name , " chañaral " means a " place where there are many trees of chaña " ( the chilean name for " geoffroea decorticans " ) .
a cooperative ( also spelled co-operative , or co-op ) is when several people come together in cooperation to reach a common goal . it is a type of organization used to make the lives of its members easier ; it is usually not focused on making profit , instead focusing on serving member needs .
gabriela de la garza ( born october 3 , 1976 ) , is a mexican actress . she was born in mexico city . she is known for her roles as laura in the 2007 miniseries " como ama una mujer " and as diana turbay in the netflix series " narcos " .
clarke county is a county in the american state of georgia . the county seat of clarke county is athens , georgia . clarke county was formed on december 5 , 1801 and named after revolutionary war hero elijah clarke . the university of georgia is in clarke county . clarke county has 104,439 people .
dana james boente ( , ; born february 7 , 1954 ) is an american lawyer and politician . he was the acting attorney general of the united states from january 30 , 2017 until february 9 , 2017 . he served as the united states attorney for the eastern district of virginia from september 2013 to january 2018 .
ventura ( officially the city of san buenaventura ; commonly called san buenaventura before 1891 ) , or shisholop in chumash is the county seat of ventura county , california , united states . it was incorporated in 1866 . the population was 106,433 at the 2010 census .
adrian iv ( ; c. 1100 – 1 september 1159 ) , born nicholas breakspear or breakspeare , was pope from 1154 to 1159 . breakspear was an english priest of the roman catholic church and the 170th pope . he is the only englishman ever to have been pope .
antonio de cabezón ( born castrillo de matajudios , near burgos , spain , 1510 ; died madrid , 26 march , 1566 ) was a spanish composer and organist of the renaissance . he was blind from early childhood . he is best known for the music he composed for the organ .
rajavarothiam sampanthan ( ; ; born 5 february 1933 ) is a sri lankan tamil politician and lawyer . he has been the tamil national alliance party leader since 2001 . he has also been a member of parliament since 2001 . he was the leader of the opposition from september 2015 to december 2018 .
the arctic cordillera is a mountain range running along the northeastern coast of north america from ellesmere island to the northernmost tip of labrador . it is the only major mountain range in canada east of the rocky mountains . the range has a surface area of . its highest point is at barbeau peak .
all grown up ! was a nickelodeon animated television series . it was set in california . it was a spin - off of the " rugrats " series . the series was about the original rugrats characters being nine to thirteen years older . it was first shown on april 12 , 2003 .
dreamweaver is a computer program that is used to make web pages . it was created by macromedia . macromedia is now owned by adobe systems . it can be used on either windows computers or macintosh computers . it can be used to make css , javascript , and other web technologies .
earl is the debut mixtape by earl sweatshirt . it was released on march 31 , 2010 as a free digital download on odd future 's website . the mixtape was recorded when earl was between 15 and 16 . the album is short and the lyrics are about murder , rape , drugs and critism of religion .
lewis collins ( 26 may 1946 – 27 november 2013 ) was an english actor . he was best known for his tough - guy role as bodie in the itv drama series " the professionals " . it ran from 1977 to 1983 . collins died from cancer in los angeles , california on 27 november 2013 , aged 67 .
irma lanzas ( 7 august 1933 – 11 july 2020 ) was a salvadoran writer and educator . she was a member of the academia salvadoreña de la lengua . she was born in cojutepeque , el salvador.lanzas died in san salvador on 11 july 2020 , aged 86 .
the is a museum about money in japan.the mission of the museum is to help increase visitors ’ understanding of the history of japanese money . pure gold oban are on display . pre-yen " sen " coins are also exhibited.the museum is near the bank of japan building in the chūō ward of tokyo .
the " ichinomiya " are the shrines with the highest shrine rank in an area . shrines of the lower rank are called " ninomiya " ( 二宮 , second ) , " sannomiya " ( 三宮 , third ) , " shinomiya " ( 四宮 , fourth ) , and so forth .
stopover is an unincorporated community in pike county , kentucky , united states . it is at the junction of kentucky route 194 and kentucky route 2062 east of phelps . stopover had a post office with zip code 41568 . don blankenship , former ceo of massey energy , was born in stopover .
the dullay languages are a branch of cushitic languages . they are spoken mainly in ethiopia . there are four main dullay languages that are still spoken : ale , tsamai , dihina , and dobase . the languages are similar , but speakers of the languages can not understand each other .
lanzhou ( ; postal map spelling : lanchow ) is the capital and largest city of gansu in northwest china . as of the 2010 census , 3,616,163 people lived in the city , and 2,177,130 lived in the built - up area ( urban ) of .
the new york stock exchange ( nyse ) , also called the " big board , " is a stock exchange in new york city . it is the biggest stock exchange in the united states by the amount of money and the second - biggest stock exchange by the number of companies listed . its building is on wall street .
the prime minister of armenia is the most senior minister in the armenian government . they " oversee the government 's regular activities and coordinate the work of the ministers . " the president of armenia chooses the prime minimster . the office of president is generally thought to be more powerful than the office of prime minister .
a tailor is a person whose job is to make clothes to fit people . a tailor might make a new piece of clothing , or change an item so that it fits better . they also mend ( fix ) clothes . a tailor is also called a seamster , or a seamstress for a woman .
brooke christa camille shields ( born may 31 , 1965 ) is an american actress and supermodel . she has been named one of people 's most beautiful people in the world three times . shields started being a model when she was 11 months old . ford models started their children 's division for shields .
barbara eden ( born barbara jean huffman august 23 , 1931 ) is an american actress . she is best known for her acting in the sitcom " i dream of jeannie " . she has been featured in other television series . she was born in tuscon , arizona . she was raised in san francisco .
yeh dil aap ka huwa ( ) is a 2002 pakistani urdu movie starring sana , moammar rana and saleem sheikh among others . it was directed by javed sheikh and ran successfully in theaters across pakistan . the movie 's soundtrack composed by amjad bobby was a success prior to its release .
concord , california is the largest city in contra costa county , california , us . in the 2010 census , 122,067 people lived there . concord was founded in 1869 . it was named todos santos at first , but the name was soon changed to concord . the city is east of san francisco .
a dog of flanders was written in 1872 by english author marie louise de la ramée . it is about a dog named patrasche who ends up living with an artist named nello and his grandfather , jeehan daas.several movies and tv series have been made based on this book . among them are :
carlos vicente squeo ( 4 june 1948 – 8 september 2019 ) was an argentine football defender . he played for several clubs in argentina and mexico and represented the argentina national football team at the 1974 fifa world cup . he was born in dock sud , argentina.squeo died on 8 september 2019 at the age of 71 .
dillingen ( district ) is a rural district in swabia in southwest bavaria , germany . neighbor districts are : donau - ries , augsburg ( district ) , günzburg ( district ) and in baden - württemberg : heidenheim ( district ) ; dillingen is the capital of dillingen ( district ) .
a gauleiter was the party leader of a regional branch of the nsdap . this persons were the head of a " gau " or of a " reichsgau " . the german word " leiter " means leader . a " gau " is the old german word for a region in germany .
bethuel pakalitha mosisili ( born 14 march 1945 ) is a former mosotho politician . he retired in january 2019 . he was the prime minister of lesotho from may 1998 to june 2012 and again from march 2015 to june 2017 . he led the lesotho congress for democracy ( lcd ) .
salt lake county is a county located in the u.s. state of utah . as of the 2010 census , the population was 1,029,655 , making it the most populous county in utah.its county seat and largest city is salt lake city , the state capital . the county was created in 1850 .
terminator : the sarah connor chronicles is a television series that appeared on the fox television network from january 13 , 2008 until 2009 . it is a spin - off of " " . it is a about sarah connor , her teenage son , and a good robot named cameron trying to stop the evil computer skynet from ever being created .
a levite or levi ( hebrew language : לֵוִי ) is a jewish male descended from the tribe of levi on the father 's side.the levites of the book of leviticus were priests . in that book and the book of numbers they help moses make prayers to god in the tabernacle ( a holy tent ) .
jabalpur or jubbulpore is a large city in the indian state of madhya pradesh . it is close to the nerbudda river . jabalpur isone of the largest cities in the state of madhya pradesh . it is located at a major road - rail junction and is also a military headquarters .
the arrondissement of céret is an arrondissement of france ; it is the southermost " arrondissement " of metropolitan france . it is part of the pyrénées - orientales " département " . its capital is the city of céret.the " arrondissement " of céret is in the southeast of the department ; it is the southernmost " arrondissement " of france .
june gable ( born june 5 , 1945 ) is a retired american television , stage , and a movie actress who is known for her role has as estelle leonard in the hit - comedy series " friends " . she was nominated for a tony award . she was born on june 5 , 1945 in new york city , new york .
a class is a rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms . each class is split into orders . there are multiple classes in each phylum.mammals , for example , are one of several classes within the vertebrates , and are subdivided into monotremes , marsupials , and eutheria .
the british rail class 465 " networker " electric multiple units were built by metropolitan cammell and brel between 1991 and 1993 , and by abb rail between 1993 and 1994 . they were brought into service from 1991 onwards . they are mostly used on suburban routes serving the south east of england , now operated by southeastern .
glenn " swampy " brydson ( november 7 , 1910 – december 9 , 1993 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey right winger . he played a career total of 8 seasons in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he played for the montreal maroons , st. louis eagles , new york rangers and chicago black hawks .
squash is a sport in which two players hit a ball with a racket ( or " racquet " ) . the aim of the game is to beat the other player by hitting the front wall and making the ball bounce twice on the floor before they can hit their turn , or for them to hit the ball out of play .
arch enemy is a death metal band from sweden . they started in 1996 . the members are : alissa white - gluz ( vocals ) , michael amott ( guitar , vocals ) , jeff loomis ( guitar ) , sharlee d'angelo , ( bass ) daniel erlandsson ( drums ) .
sauerbraten is a meat dish eaten mainly in germany , but also neighbouring countries . the name comes form " sauer " ( sour ) and " braten " ( roast ) . it refers to the way the dish is prepared : the meat is left in a kind of sour sauce ( based on vinegar ) to marinate
fiat is a car company in italy . it was founded in turin in 1899 . it also made some planes between 1920s and 1970s . some of their cars by year : fiat is currently owned by fiat chrysler automobiles or f.c.a for short , the company was formed by merging chrysler and fiat s.p.a .
miami is a city in the u.s. state of florida . it is a known tourist stop and it is well known for its cuban , puerto rican and haitian culture . miami is the county seat ( and largest city ) of miami - dade county.miami is nicknamed " the magic city " because of its rapid growth .
moncef marzouki ( , " al - munṣif al - marzūqī " , born 7 july 1945 ) is a tunisian politician . on 12 december 2011 , he was elected president of tunisia . he served as interim president of tunisia from 2011 to 2014 . a failed presidential candidate , chahed came in eleventh place in the 2019 election .
g - unit records is a record label started by the musician 50 cent . it specializes in hip hop and rap music . it was started in 2005 and is part of the universal music group . the company is based in new york city.it has so far signed artists such as g - unit , lloyd banks and tony yayo .
the cubic metre ( symbol m ³ ) is the si unit of volume . it is a cube with a length , height , and width of one metre , with 1,000 litres of space.in the many places it is spelled " cubic meter " . other names are stère and kilolitre or kiloliter .
justin marie bomboko ( 1928 – 10 april 2014 ) was a congolese civil servant . he was the minister of foreign affairs for the congo . he became minister in 1960 . he is often called " the father of independence " for the congolese.bomboko died from a long illness in brussels , belgium , aged 86 .
atmore is a city in escambia county , alabama , united states . at the 2000 census the population was 7,676 . according to the 2005 u.s. census estimates , the city had a population of 7,530 . the city was named for mr. c.p . atmore .
svante martin henriksson holmdahl ( june 10 , 1923 – march 11 , 2015 ) was a swedish professor emeritus of anesthesiology . he was rector magnificus of uppsala university between 1978 and 1989 . he was born in gothenburg , sweden.holmdahl died at the age of 91 in uppsala , sweden .
ebermannstadt is a german town in the district of forchheim , bavaria , germany . the population of the town is about 7,000 . the next largest cities are : forchheim , bayreuth , bamberg , kulmbach and erlangen . the city parts of ebermannstadt are :
devan dubnyk ( born may 4 , 1986 ) is a canadian professional ice hockey goaltender . he currently plays for the minnesota wild of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he has also played for the edmonton oilers , nashville predators , and arizona coyotes . he was born in regina , saskatchewan but grew up in calgary , alberta .
cuenca is one of the five provinces of the autonomous community of castilla - la mancha . it is located in the eastern part of this autonomous community and cover over 17.141 square km . it has a population of 203,841 people . its capital city is cuenca and the province is made of 238 municipalities .
catharina - amalia , princess of orange ( given names : " catharina - amalia beatrix carmen victoria " ; born 7 december 2003 ) is the oldest child of king willem - alexander of the netherlands , and queen máxima . on april 30 2013 , she became the heiress apparent to the dutch throne when her father became king .
the tagalog wikipedia is the tagalog version of the online encyclopedia , wikipedia . it was started on december 1 , 2003 . in 2011 , it had reached over 50,000 articles.it is 68th largest edition by article count.it has over 51,000 articles and is the as of may 31 , 2011 .
ok go is a rock band from chicago . the band members are damian kulash ( lead vocals and guitar ) , tim nordwind ( bass guitar and backing vocals ) , dan konopka ( drums and percussion ) and andy ross ( keyboards , guitar and backing vocals ) . their best known song is " here it goes again " .
runa laila ( born 17 november 1952 ) is a bangladeshi playback singer . she is one of the best - known in south asia . she started her career in pakistan film industry in late 1960s . her style of singing is inspired by pakistani playback singer ahmed rushdi and she also made a pair with him after replacing another singer mala .
a mirage is an image that is distorted by the atmosphere so that its form and location can look very different from the actual object . it is caused by the way light bends as it passes through layers of air of different temperatures.the words " mirage " and " mirror " come from the same root word , which means " to look at . "
dexter is an american television series that was shown on showtime network . it is based on the book " darkly dreaming dexter " written by jeff lindsay . the show tells a story about a serial killer , dexter morgan , who works as a forensics analyst for the police in miami . the main actor of the show is michael c. hall .
priscilla moran ( born 23 november 1917 – november 11 , 2006 ) was an american movie actress . she made her movie debut in 1927 , and retired from the silver screen in 1937 at the age of 20 . she appeared in fourteen silent movies . moran is known for her roles in " no babies wanted " and in " up the ladder " .
peter 's friends is a 1992 comedy - drama movie . it is about old friends gathering at a new year 's party . emma thompson plays maggie chester . imelda staunton plays mary . rita rudner plays carol.this movie was released on september 18 , 1992 . it got positive reviews from the critics .
ridgeway is an unincorporated community ( class code u6 ) in winona county , minnesota . it is at latitude 43.912 and longitude -91.56 ( ridgeway panoramio photos ) . the elevation is 1,342 feet . ridgeway is on the witoka u.s. geological survey map .
charles patrick " pat " roberts ( born april 20 , 1936 in topeka , kansas ) is a senator from kansas . before roberts was a senator , he was a u.s. house of representatives member and the chairman for the united states house committee on agriculture.on january 4 , 2019 , roberts announced that he will not seek reelection in 2020 .
petrus plancius ( 1552 – may 15 , 1622 ) was a flemish astronomer , cartographer and clergyman . he was born as pieter platevoet in dranouter , now in heuvelland , west flanders . he studied theology in germany and england . at the age of 24 he became a minister in the dutch reformed church .
fellatio is oral sex performed on the penis . fellatio is often called a blow job . the opposite of this is cunnilingus . cunnilingus is oral sex performed on the vulva.fellatio can continue until the receiver ejaculates or as part of foreplay , before actual sexual intercourse .
roger walkowiak ( 2 march 1927 – 6 february 2017 ) was a french road bicycle racer . he was a professional rider from 1950 until 1960 . he won the 1956 tour de france . he was born in montluçon , allier.walkowiak died on 6 february 2017 in vichy , allier , at the age of 89 .
charles john thomas mccann ( september 2 , 1934 – april 8 , 2018 ) was an american actor and television personality . he was known for his roles in " far out space nuts " , " ducktales " , and " " . mccann died in los angeles , california of congestive heart failure on april 8 , 2018 at the age of 83 .
vicente trueba pérez ( october 16 , 1905 in sierrapando , cantabria – november 10 , 1986 ) was a spanish professional cyclist . he is famous for being the first winner of the king of the mountains in the tour de france . this is a competition for the best climber in the race . it was first held in 1933 .
the tragedy of coriolanus is a play by william shakespeare . it is a tragedy . shakespeare 's source was plutarch 's " life of caius martius coriolanus " . it was probably was first acted between 1607 and 1608 . it was probably first printed in 1623 in the first folio .
experience is knowledge a person gets by doing something or watching someone else do it . experience is learning through actions.some religious groups and teaching methods value learning by experiencing.for example , if someone wants to learn about the game chess , they would play several games . by making mistakes and learning from them , they learn more rather than just reading about playing .
edward earl reed jr. ( born september 11 , 1978 in st. rose , louisiana ) is an american football player . he plays as a free safety for the baltimore ravens of the national football league ( nfl ) . reed was drafted out of the university of miami by the baltimore ravens with the 24th pick in the first round of the 2002 nfl draft .
ramón gómez valdés de castillo ( september 2 , 1923 – august 9 , 1988 ) , often credited as ramón valdéz , was a mexican actor . he was best known for his role of don ramón in the popular sitcom " el chavo del ocho " . he was born in mexico city , mexico.valdés died in mexico city from stomach cancer , aged 64 .
paula rosalee corbin , better known as paula jones , was born september 17 , 1966 in lonoke , arkansas . she is a former arkansas state employee who sued president bill clinton for sexual harassment , though this lawsuit was officially dismissed after jones failed to prove damages . the case was a precursor to clinton being impeached , which he eventually was .
palmerston north is a city in the north island of new zealand . it is the seat of the manawatū - whanganui region . the city is north of the capital , wellington . palmerston north is the country 's seventh - largest city . as of june 2018 , the city had an urban population of 86,600 .
simone laudehr ( born 12 july 1986 in regensburg , bavaria , west germany ) is a german association football midfielder / winger . she currently plays for 1 . ffc frankfurt . laudehr is also a member of the germany women 's national football team . she was part of a team who won a bronze medal at the 2008 summer olympics .
justin raimondo ( born dennis raimondo ; november 18 , 1951 – june 27 , 2019 ) was an american writer and the editorial director of the website antiwar.com . he was born in white plains , new york.raimondo died on june 27 , 2019 in sebastopol , california from lung cancer at the age of 67 .
gideonsbergs if is a sports club in the town of västerås in sweden . the club was established in 1955 . it started a women 's soccer section in 1971 . the women 's soccer team won the swedish national championship in 1992 . and the swedish cup in 1993 . the women 's team has played two seasons in the swedish top division ,
john howard " jack " gibbons ( january 15 , 1929 – july 17 , 2015 ) was an american scientist , nuclear physicist , and internationally recognized expert in technologies for energy efficiency and energy resource conservation . he served as the assistant to the president for science and technology and director of the white house office of science and technology policy under president bill clinton from 1993 - 1998 .
carol ann susi ( february 2 , 1952 – november 11 , 2014 ) was an american actress . she was best known for being the voice of recurring unseen character mrs. wolowitz on the television series " the big bang theory " . on november 11 , 2014 , susi died of cancer of unknown primary origin in los angeles , california , aged 62 .
" baby do n't forget my number " is a popular dance hit song by the music group milli vanilli . it was released in december 1988 . it was the first of milli vanilli 's three # 1 hits on the " billboard " hot 100 between 1988 - 1990 . the longest cut is eight minutes and 20 seconds .
the oriental longhair is a breed of cat . it is similar to the oriental shorthair . it is a member of the siamese cat family . the oriental longhair was first named the british angora . in 2002 , british cat fanciers renamed it . this was so the cat would not be confused with the turkish angora .
eupen is a municipality in the belgian province of liège . the old french name of the town was " néau " . in 2007 , 18,313 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 37 north , 06 ° 02 east.eupen is a strange place in belgium as most people do not speak either french or dutch - they speak german instead .
richard harmon " dick " fulton ( january 27 , 1927 – november 28 , 2018 ) was a democratic politician . he served as a member of the tennessee state senate and of the united states house of representatives , and the second mayor of the metropolitan government of nashville , tennessee.fulton died on november 28 , 2018 under hospice care in nashville at the age of 91 .
the bashkir language ( native name : ) is a turkic language . speakers of the bashkir language mostly live in the russian republic of bashkortostan . a large number of speakers also live in tatarstan , udmurtia , perm krai , chelyabinsk , orenburg , sverdlovsk , and kurgan oblasts .
the super nes classic edition ( also known as snes mini ) is a dedicated home video game console . it was released in 2017 by nintendo . it is the successor to the nes classic edition and emulates the super nintendo entertainment system ( snes ) . the console comes with two controllers . the cables of the controllers are 1.4 meter long .
rajesh raman pillai ( 10 july 1974 – 27 february 2016 ) was an indian movie director . he was best known for his work in malayalam cinema . he was known for his movie " traffic " ( 2011 ) . pillai died on 27 february 2016 at a hospital in kochi , india . he had liver disease . he was aged 41 .
roland alpha juno is a series of synthesizer keyboards . they were made by the roland corporation from 1985 to 1986 . two main models were released : the alpha juno 1 ( ju - 1 ) ( 1985 – 1986 ) and the alpha juno 2 ( ju - 2 ) ( 1985 – 1986 ) . the ju - 2 added one octave of notes and a slot for cartridges .
madison county is a county of the u.s. state of arkansas . as of the 2010 census , the population was 15,717 . the county seat is huntsville . the county was founded on september 30 , 1836 , and named for james madison , 4th president of the united states ( 1809 – 1817 ) . madison county is in the northwest arkansas region .
stephen william marsh ( born 12 september 1924 ) is a former australian rules footballer . he played for south fremantle and east fremantle in the west australian national football league ( wanfl ) . his playing career lasted from 1945 to 1960 . he is viewed as one of the best rovers of his era.marsh was born in kalgoorlie , western australia .
harohalli srinivasaiah doreswamy ( born 10 april 1918 ) is an indian activist and journalist . he turned 100 in april 2018 . he is known for being an important figure in the indian independence movement . he worked alongside gandhi during the movement . he was born in harohalli , mysore state , british indian empire .
the christian community ( original german name : " die christengemeinschaft " ) is a christian denomination . it was founded in 1922 in dornach ( switzerland ) by a group of theologians and pastors , led by the protestant pastor friedrich rittelmeyer . he was helped by rudolf steiner , the austrian philosopher and founder of anthroposophy .
darren everett criss ( born february 5 , 1987 ) is an american actor and singer - songwriter . he is known for his roles as blaine anderson in the series " glee " and as serial killer andrew cunanan in the limited crime series " " ( 2018 ) . for his role as cunanan , he won an emmy award and a golden globe award .
jules bass ( born september 16 , 1935 ) is an american director , producer , composer , lyricist , and author . he co-founded a film production company in new york . he joined ascap in 1963 . he was known for his work with arthur rankin jr. in directing " the year without a santa claus " . he was born in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
an arch bridge is a bridge with abutments at each end shaped as a curved arch . arch bridges work by transferring the weight of the bridge and its loads partially into a horizontal thrust held by the abutments at either side . a viaduct ( a long bridge ) may be made from a series of arches . however other less expensive structures are typically used today .
stapleton international airport was denver , colorado 's primary airport from 1929 to 1995 . at different times it served as a hub for continental airlines , frontier airlines , people express , twa , united airlines and western airlines.in 1995 , stapleton was replaced by denver international airport . it has now been decommissioned and the airport property was redeveloped as a retail and residential neighborhood .
kevin shinick ( 19 march , 1969 , merrick , new york ) is a voice actor , screenwriter and producer . he won an emmy award in 2010 for outstanding short - format animated program for " robot chicken " . shenick is the creator , voice actor and producer of the comedy series mad ( tv series ) . he was also a writer for robot chicken .
luiz alberto dias menezes ( 5 october 1950 – 9 july 2014 ) was a brazilian geologist , mineralogist and mineral dealer . he collected the material that was used for the discovery of new mineral was named in his honor as menezesite . he was born in são paulo.menezes died on 9 july 2014 in são paulo , aged 63 .
carbon is a very important chemical element , with a chemical symbol of c. all known life on earth needs it . carbon has atomic mass 12 and atomic number 6 . it is a nonmetal , meaning that it is not a metal.when iron is alloyed with carbon , hard steel is formed . carbon in the form of coal is an important fuel .
maio is an island of cape verde . it is the easternmost of the sotavento group . the island forms one municipality . the island ’s main town is porto inglês.the island was discovered in 1460 . the tallest mountain on the island ( 436 m ) is near the east coast . it is in a mountain range named monte penoso .
bermondsey ( ) is a town in the london borough of southwark , england . it is southeast of charing cross . to the west of bermondsey is southwark , to the east is rotherhithe and deptford , to the south is walworth and peckham , and to the north is the city of london and whitechapel .
warren is a city in and the county seat of trumbull county , ohio , united states . the city is located in northeastern ohio , approximately northwest of youngstown and west of the pennsylvania state line.the population was 41,557 at the 2010 census . warren is part of the " youngstown - warren - boardman , oh - pa metropolitan statistical area " .
jose c. vitug ( born 15 july 1934 ) is a filipino lawyer and jurist . he was an associate justice of the supreme court of the philippines . he was appointed to the court on june 28 , 1993 by president fidel ramos and retired on july 15 , 2004 . vitug was the founding dean of the angeles university foundation college of law in manila .
zavala county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . it was founded in 1858 . it was named for lorenzo de zavala , who was the first vice president of the republic of texas.as of 2005 , 11,796 people lived there . its county seat is crystal city . the county has a total area of .
dame elisabeth schwarzkopf dbe ( 9 december 1915 in jarotschin in prussia - 3 august 2006 in schruns , austria ) was a german - british soprano . she was one of the most famous opera singers of the 20th century as well as a famous recitalist . she was particularly known for singing the music of mozart , schubert , strauss , and wolf .
bruinisse is a village in the municipality - island of schouwen - duiveland , in the province of zeeland , the netherlands.about 4,000 people are living there . it is located on the very east of the island.bruinisse is an agricultural and fishing community . breeding of the blue mussel is an important business there .
abigail is a feminine given name . the name is from the hebrew name " avigail " , which indicates " father rejoice " . the name can be shortened to abbie or abby . people with the name include abigail breslin , abigail adams and abbie cornish . the shorthand " abby " was used for several atlantic hurricanes in the 1960s .
vladimir petrovich kesarev ( ; 26 february 1930 – 19 january 2015 ) was a soviet russian footballer.he earned 14 caps for the ussr national football team , and participated in the 1958 fifa world cup . he was selected in the squad for the first ever european nations ' cup in 1960 , where the soviets were champions , but did not play in any games at the tournament .
irma schultz keller ( born 1 october 1965 ) is a swedish actress and pop singer who has appeared in many movies and television series in sweden . she has acted in american productions such as the horror movie " the resurrection of michael myers part 2 " and the miniseries " xerxes " . she was examninated from the swedish national academy of mime and acting in 1999 .
henryk wujec ( 25 december 1940 – 15 august 2020 ) was a polish politician . he was a member of the sejm from 1989 to 2001 . wujec was born in podlesie , biłgoraj county . wujec was an activist in the solidarity movement of the 1980s . in 1984 , he was imprisoned at białołęka for his political activities .
peter rolf ingvar storm ( born 27 august 1953 ) , known professionally as peter stormare ( ) , is a swedish actor , theatre director , playwright , and musician . he is probably best known for playing gaear grimsrud in the 1996 movie " fargo " . he is also well known for his role as john abruzzi in the fox series " prison break " .
wilhelmina ( wilhelmina helena pauline maria ; 31 august 1880 – 28 november 1962 ) was queen of the kingdom of the netherlands from 1890 to 1948 . she was loved by the dutch people . she was the mother of queen juliana and grand - mother of queen beatrix . in world war 2 she flew to london . she spoke to the dutch people on radio from england .
a medical school is a place where medical students learn medicine . when they graduate from a medical school , they become a physician or a doctor . medical schools grant doctor of medicine ( md ) , doctor of osteopathic medicine ( do ) and sometimes doctor of philosophy ( phd ) degrees . students take classes in human biology and disease then take a license exam to practice medicine .
alexander pope ( 21 may 1688 – 30 may 1744 ) is usually thought of as the greatest english poet in the eighteenth century . he is best known for his satirical writing and for his translation of homer . he is the third most often quoted writer in " the oxford dictionary of quotations " , after shakespeare and tennyson . pope was a master of the heroic couplet .
planomicrobium flavidum is a species of bacteria . the cells are short rod or coccoid shaped . it use the aerobic respiration with oxygen . the bacterium does not form endospores . it has one flagella . " planomicrobium flavidum " belongs to the gram - positive firmicutes .
the inner ear is the innermost part of the vertebrate ear . it is mainly responsible for sound detection and balance . in mammals , it consists of two main working parts inside a bony labyrinth : the inner ear is found in all vertebrates , with many variations in form and function . the inner ear is supplied with the eighth cranial nerve in all vertebrates .
hudson hawk is an american action - adventure criminal comedy movie released in 1991 . in the movie , bruce willis plays hudson hawk , david caruso is kit kat and andie macdowell is anna baragli . the subject is burglary and mafia crimes . this movie was released may 1991 . the reviews were very bad . the box office performance was very poor .
metaphilosophy is the study of the nature of philosophy . philosophy is the study of ideas connected with existence , knowledge , values , reason , mind , and language . metaphilosophy investigates the aims , boundaries , and methods of philosophy . metaphilosophers ask the question , " what is philosophy ? " and seek to understand what its purpose is .
nuremberg ( ) is a city in the german " state " of bavaria , in middle franconia . it is on the river pegnitz and the rhine - main - danube canal and is franconia 's largest city . it is about north of munich , at 49.27 ° n 11.5 ° e. as of june 2017 , there were 530,771 people .
the 1965 atlantic hurricane season was the first hurricane season to have the bounds from june 1 , 1965 to november 30 , 1965 . the 1965 atlantic hurricane season did not have very many storms . a famous hurricane from this season would be hurricane betsy . hurricane betsy was the first hurricane to cause a billion dollors or more in damage , without being changed to the value of the dollar today .
identity theft is a type of fraud that involves using personal details belonging to the victim . this may be a passport , social security card , student pass , credit card etc . a person who has his or her identity stolen can end up owing money when the thief spends the person 's money or uses the person 's credit.identity theft is a serious crime effect thousands of people
piet fransen ( 5 july 1936 – 2 august 2015 ) was a dutch footballer who played as a midfielder.he made his debut for the netherlands in an october 1964 fifa world cup qualification match against albania and has earned a total of 6 caps , scoring 1 goal . he represented his country in 3 fifa world cup qualification matches.fransen died on 2 august 2015 in groningen , aged 79 .
carl gustaf ekman , born 6 october 1872 , dead 15 june 1945 , was a swedish politician . he was a member of the swedish parliament 1911 - 1932 , in both the lower and the upper houses . between 1924 - 1932 , he led the freeminded people 's party . he served as the prime minister of sweden between 1926 - 1928 and again between 1930 - 1932 .
belen ( ; ) is the second most populous city in valencia county , new mexico , united states , after its county seat los lunas . the population was 7,152 in 2015 census data.belen is spanish for bethlehem but gained the nickname " the hub city " . belen is at the southern end of the albuquerque . the city is located 35 miles south of albuquerque .
the artichoke or globe artichoke ( " cynara scolymus " ) is a perennial plant of the asteraceae family . they first came from southern europe around the mediterranean.the thick scales and bottom parts of the young flower heads can be eaten . they are a culinary delicacy . the bottom part of the young flower head is called a heart .
frances sokolov ( 20 june 1935 – 19 february 2016 ) , better known by her stage name vi subversa , was a british singer and guitarist . she was a member of the anarcho - punk band poison girls . she was born in london , england.subversa died of cancer at her home in london on 19 february 2016 . she was aged 80 .
windows nt 3.1 is an operating system by microsoft released in 1993 . it was the first windows nt version and the windows nt edition for windows 3.1 . it was preceded by windows 3.1 and was succeded by windows nt 3.5 . it was available in two editions : windows nt 3.1 workstation , and windows nt 3.1 advanced server .
jonathan harshman winters iii ( november 11 , 1925 – april 11 , 2013 ) was an american comedian , television , stage , voice , movie actor , and artist . winters had appeared in several television shows and in movies . he was recently known for voicing papa smurf in the 2011 movie " the smurfs " . in " " , he was replaced by jack angel .
dastilbe is a prehistoric bony fish . it could reach a length of 25 - 60 mm , with a maximum length of about 150 mm.it was probably an anadromous fish , meaning it lived most of its life in the sea but swam to fresh water to spawn ( reproduce ) . larger individuals of this predatory fish fed on smaller fishes and probably they were cannibalistic .
shirley d. love ( may 15 , 1933 – july 17 , 2020 ) was an american politician and broadcast journalist . she was a member of both chambers of the west virginia legislature from 1994 to 2008 and 2017 to 2019 . she was a member of the democratic party . love was born in oak hill , west virginia.love died on july 17 , 2020 in oak hill , aged 87 .
gladys mae west ( née brown ) ( born 1930/1931 ) is an american mathematician . she is known for her works to the mathematical modelling of the shape of the earth . she was one of the team of mathematicians who worked on the development of the satellite geodesy models that eventually became the global positioning system.west was added into the united states air force hall of fame in 2018 .
the samsung galaxy note 10 and samsung galaxy note 10 + ( shortened to note 10 and note 10 + , respectively ) are android smartphones produced by samsung electronics as part of the samsung galaxy note series . the note 10 and note 10 + were unveiled on 7 august 2019 and directly succeed the samsung galaxy note 9 , with a north american release on 23 august 2019 and international rollout throughout august and september .
ambat chacko jose ( ; 5 february 1937 – 23 january 2016 ) was an indian politician . he was speaker of the kerala legislative assembly . he also served as a member of parliament from thrissur lok sabha constituency in kerala three times between 1996 and 2004 . he was born in edapally , ernakulam.jose died on 23 january 2016 in kochi , aged 78 .
frank miller ( born january 27 , 1957 ) is an american writer , artist and movie director . he best known for his film noir - style comic book stories including ronin , daredevil : born again , the dark knight returns , sin city , and 300 . he is one of the most widely - recognized and popular creators in comics , and is one of the most influential comics creators of his generation .
antonino cuffaro ( 21 april 1932 – 20 july 2019 ) was an italian politician . he was born in sambuca di sicilia , italy . cuffaro was a member of the italian parliament from 1976 to 1987 and again from 1994 to 1996 . he was a member of the italian communist party.cuffaro died on 20 july 2019 in trieste , italy at the age of 87 .
jimmy wayne " jimi " jamison ( august 23 , 1951 – august 31 , 2014 ) was an american rock vocalist and songwriter . he was best known as the longtime frontman of platinum selling rock bands cobra and survivor and as the voice and cowriter of the theme song for " baywatch " . jamison died on august 31 , 2014 in los angeles , california from a heart attack , aged 63 .
alexander kerensky ( 4 may 1881 – 11 june 1970 ) was a major political leader before and during the russian revolution . kerensky served as the second prime minister of the russian provisional government until it was overthrown by the bolsheviks under vladimir lenin in the october revolution . he spent the rest of his life in exile . he died in new york city in 1970 at the age of 89 .
the eurocopter ec120 colibri is a light helicopter designed and built in france and germany , with help of china and singapore . the name of colibri is the french translation for hummingbird . it is built by eurocopter in marignane . its first flight was in 1995 . some are used by the chinese , french and spanish air forces mainly for training .
children in the northern mariana islands must go to school from the ages of 6 to 18 . public schools are governed by the commonwealth of the northern mariana islands public school system . the system is based on the public school system in the united states . it was started in 1987 . there is one university in the territory : northern marianas college in saipan . it has campuses in tinian and rota .
mehrsa baradaran ( born april 3 , 1978 ) is an iranian - american law professor . she was born in orumieh , iran . she works in banking law at the university of georgia . her book " how the other half banks " has received national and international media coverage.in 2017 , baradaran publicly criticized president donald trump and his executive order that allowed an immigration ban .
bayn johnson ( born in november 4 , 1958 ) is an american former actress , electric guitarist , and singer . she was born in new orleans , louisiana . she appeared on season 1 ( 1969 - 1970 ) of " sesame street " . she also appeared as " kelly ( the short circus kid band member ) " on seasons 3 - 4 ( 1973 - 1975 ) of " the electric company " .
george victor voinovich ( ) ( july 15 , 1936 – june 12 , 2016 ) was an american politician . he was the former united states senator from the state of ohio serving from 1999 to 2011 . voinovich was a member of the republican party . he lastly served as the 65th governor of ohio from 1991 to 1998 . he was the 54th mayor of cleveland from 1980 to 1989 .
whoopi goldberg ( born caryn elaine johnson ; november 13 , 1955 ) is an american actress , comedienne , author and talk show host . she made her movie debut in " the color purple " for which she won a golden globe award . goldberg was partners with frank langella from 1996 until they separated in 2001 . she is currently a co-host on " the view " .
the connecticut state seal is the seal of the u.s. state of connecticut . it became that in may of 1784 . it has three grapevines and a ribbon inside . the outer edges of the seal say sigillum reipublicæ connecticutensis ( or " seal of the state of connecticut " ) . the first seal was in 1639 . it changed between then and 1784 .
michael francis mccormack ( born 2 august 1964 ) is an australian politician . he has been leader of the national party and deputy prime minister of australia since february 2018 . he is also minister for infrastructure , transport and regional development.mccormack has been a member of the house of representatives since 2010 , representing the division of riverina in new south wales . he was a newspaper editor before entering politics .
inger berggren ( 23 february 1934 – 19 july 2019 ) was a swedish singer . her biggest hits were " sol och vår " and " elisabeth serenad " , both in 1962 . she participated in the eurovision song contest 1962 . she was the mother of the actress gunilla röör . berggren was born in stockholm.berggren died on 19 july 2019 in stockholm at the age of 85 .
atonement is an idea found in both christianity and judaism that describes how sin can be forgiven by god . in judaism , this was done by rituals performed by the high priest on the holiest day of the jewish year : yom kippur ( day of atonement ) . in christian theology the atonement refers to the forgiving or pardoning of sins through the death of jesus christ .
anatol hrytskievich ( ; january 31 , 1929 – january 20 , 2015 ) was a belarusian historian . he was a correspondent member of the international academy of science of eurasia ( 1996 – 2015 ) , doctor of history ( 1986 – 2015 ) , professor ( 1987 – 2015 ) . he was born in minsk.hrytskievich died on january 20 , 2015 in minsk , aged 85 .
the avars were a powerful semi-nomadic group . their leader was called a " khagan " . they could be found in central and eastern europe during the 6th century . they were a union of white huns and rourans . avars of the caucasus are remnants of white huns , have a direct contact with avar empire of europe . they were predominantly ethnic mongols .
scratch and sniff refers to paper that produces an odor when it is scratched . scratch and sniff is mostly used on stickers . scratch and sniff stickers are frequently given to children as a reward for doing well in school.scratch and sniff is created by covering the odor in a covering that breaks easily when it is scratched . because the odor is covered , it can be kept for a very long time .
paul scholes ( born 16 november 1974 ) is a retired english footballer . he played for manchester united from 1994 - 2011 . he also played 66 games for england national team , scoring 14 goals . he retired from playing for england national team in 2004 . on august 5 , 2011 at old trafford , paul scored a goal in his testimonial match as manchester united defeated new york cosmos 6 - 0 .
josé pedro pérez - llorca ( 30 november 1940 – 6 march 2019 ) , was a spanish lawyer and politician . he was minister of foreign affairs from 1980 to 1982 . he was also one of the fathers of the constitution of 1978 and had a key role during his nation 's transition to democracy . he was born in cadiz , spain.pérez - llorca died on 6 march 2019 in madrid , aged 78 .
milan cathedral ( italian : duomo di milano ) is the cathedral church of milan found in lombardy , northern italy . the cathedral where locate in milan was built according to italian style . its construction was started in 1386 and was completed in 1965 . the construction took 579 years . capacity of the cathedral is 60000 people . it is one of the largest cathedral in the world and the largest in italy .
san vittore is a municipality of the district of moesa in the swiss canton of graubünden.san vittore is situated in the lower part of the valley of the moesa river , just over upstream of the border with the canton of ticino , and upstream of arbedo - castione , where the moesa river joins the ticino river . at above sea level , it is the lowest - lying community in graubünden .
dxaq - tv , channel 43 , is a religious television station owned by sonshine media network international ( smni ) . its studios are located at the kingdom of jesus christ compound , philippine - japan friendship highway , sasa , davao city and transmitter are located at shrine hills , matina , davao city . dxaq - tv now broadcasts on 24 hours daily , 365 days a year non stop operation .
matchbox is a toy brand which got started in 1953 . it is now owned by mattel . the toys were sold in boxes similar to those in which matches were sold.the brand made various toys , like action figures and toy vehicles.in may 1992 , the company was sold to tyco toys . five years later , tyco was sold to mattel . matchbox was originally a competitor to hot wheels .
north sioux city is a city in the far southeastern part of the u.s. state of south dakota . it is located in union county , near the junction of the missouri river and the big sioux river . north sioux city is near the borders of iowa and nebraska , and it is a suburb of sioux city , iowa . it became a city in 1951 , and 2,530 people lived there at the 2010 census .
christopher george walter james , 5th baron northbourne , 6th baronet , dl , frics ( 18 february 1926 – 8 september 2019 ) was a british farmer and aristocrat . he was one of the ninety hereditary peers elected to remain in the house of lords after the passing of the house of lords act 1999 until his retirement in 2018 , and sat as a crossbencher.he died on 8 september 2019 at the age of 93 .
tupou vi ( tongan : ʻahoʻeitu ʻunuakiʻotonga tukuʻaho ; born 12 july 1959 ) is the king of tonga . he was chosen as the inheritor of the throne by his elder brother , tupou v , in 2006 . after tupou v died in 2012 , he inherited the throne and was given the name " tupou vi " .
james milton campbell , jr. ( known as little milton ; september 7 , 1934 – august 4 , 2005 ) was an american musician . he played rhythm and blues and electric blues . his hit songs and records included " grits ai n't groceries " , " we 're gon na make it " and " just a little bit " . he was born in mississippi . he died following a stroke in memphis .
peter adolf serkin ( july 24 , 1947 – february 1 , 2020 ) was an american classical pianist . he won the grammy award for most promising new classical recording artist in 1966 . he taught at the curtis institute of music , the juilliard school , yale university , and bard college.serkin died from pancreatic cancer at his home in red hook , new york , on february 1 , 2020 at the age of 72 .
charles juste de beauvau , prince of craon ( 10 september 1720 – 21 may 1793 ) , 2nd prince of craon ( 1754 ) , marshal of france ( 1783 ) was a french scholar , nobleman and general . the son of marc de beauvau , he was also brother of the famous " madame de boufflers " and through her uncle to the poet stanislas de boufflers .
hans - gert pöttering ( born 15 september 1945 ) is a german conservative politician ( cdu , european people 's party ) , and was the president of the european parliament from january 2007 to july 2009 . he has served as a member of the european parliament since the first elections in 1979 until 2014 and was chairman of the european people 's party - european democrats 1999 – 2007 . he is a member of the reconciliation of european histories group .
heydar aliyev international airport ( iata : gyd , icao : ubbb ) is the international airport in azerbaijan . it is 20 km ( 12 mi ) northeast of the capital city baku . the airport is the home of azerbaijan airlines ( azal ) . runways : 2,700 x60m ( 8,858 ft ) asphalt , 3,200 x45m ( 10,499 ft ) asphalt / concrete
the swedish bandy association ( ) is the governing body of bandy in sweden . it organizes the bandy leagues , elitserien and allsvenskan for men and damallsvenskan for women , and the men 's and women 's national teams . it was established on 5 april 1925 , and is based in stockholm , and is a founding member of fib , federation of international bandy .
muscular dystrophy ( md ) is a group of muscle diseases that causes increasing weakening and breakdown of skeletal muscles over time . many people will eventually become unable to walk . some types are also associated with problems in other organs.the most common type is duchenne muscular dystrophy ( dmd ) , which typically affects males beginning around the age of four . there is no cure for muscular dystrophy .
john roy " johnny " van zant ( born february 27 , 1959 ) is an american musician . he is the lead vocalist of the band lynyrd skynyrd.van zant was born in jacksonville , florida . he is the younger brother of the late lynyrd skynyrd co-founder and former lead vocalist ronnie van zant , and of the .38 special founder , donnie van zant .
the nissan pathfinder is a midsize crossover suv made by nissan motor company . its competitor was originally the toyota 4runner . it has been around since 1986 and has been changed since then . the most recent change was in 2010 . there were three generations of the vehicle . the fourth generation is a midsize crossover suv that allows seating for seven . it won the autopacific best in class vehicle satisfaction award .
samiuela ʻakilisi pōhiva ( 7 april 1941 – 12 september 2019 ) was a tongan pro-democracy activist and politician . pohiva was the leader of the democratic party of the friendly islands ( dpfi ) . he was the prime minister of tonga from 2014 to his death in 2019 . pōhiva died of pneumonia and liver disease on 12 september 2019 in auckland , new zealand at the age of 78 .
húsavík is a town in northern iceland . it has a population of 2,237 people . most of the industry in the city comes from tourism and fishing . about 850 ad , a swedish viking named garðar svavarsson arrived on the northern coast of iceland . there he built a settlement and prepared to stay for the winter . when spring arrived he departed leaving two slaves behind . they made a farm there .
crooked island is an island and district of the bahamas . the main town in the group is colonel hill on crooked island . the population of crooked island was 350 at the 2000 census . the typical language known on the crooked islands is called bahamian english , which is a mix of queen 's diction , african influence , and island dialect.it is believed that first post office in the bahamas was at pitt ’s town on crooked island .
hans von borsody ( 20 september 1929 – 4 november 2013 ) was a german - austrian actor.he was born in vienna as a member of an artists family . his father eduard von borsody was a movie director , his uncle julius von borsody a set designer . his daughter suzanne von borsody is also an actress.von borsody died on 4 november 2013 in berlin , germany from lung cancer , aged 84 .
xalapa ( often spelled jalapa , ; ; officially xalapa - enríquez ) is the capital city of the mexican state of veracruz . in the 2005 census the city reported a population of 387,879 . the municipality has an area of 118.45 km ² . xalapa lies near the geographic center of the state and is the second - largest city in the state after the city of veracruz to the southeast .
john miller ( born 1958 or 1959 ) is the deputy commissioner of intelligence & counterterrorism of the nypd . he is the former associate deputy director of national intelligence for analytic transformation and technology.he was an assistant director of public affairs for the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) . miller is also a former abc news reporter and anchorman . he is best known for conducting a may 1998 interview with osama bin laden in afghanistan .
super mario bros. 3 is a 1988 platform game made by nintendo for the nintendo entertainment system game console . it was a big hit and sold 40 million copies , and is often said by critics to be the best game on the nes . it precedes " super mario bros. 2 " ( 1988 ) and was followed by " super mario world " in 1990 . it is one of the games in " super mario all - stars " .
william miller was an american politician from the state of new york who served in the us house for 7 terms from 1951 to 1965 . miller was a conservative republican . in 1964 he ran for president but lost the primaries to fellow conservative sentor barry goldwater of arizona . miller was goldwater ´s running mate . he also served as 44th chair of the republican national committee.please note that the data for the above table was found on
ray crawford ( october 26 , 1915 - february 1 , 1996 ) was an american racecar driver.crawford was born in roswell , new mexico . he died in los angeles , california . he drove in the american automobile association and united states automobile club championship car series , racing in the 1954 - 1959 seasons with 13 starts , including the indianapolis 500 races in 1955 - 1956 , and 1959 . he finished in the top ten 6 times .
deficit spending is when someone is spending more money than they have . in other words , it is when there is more spending than there is revenue . it is also called simply deficit , or budget deficit . the opposite of a deficit is a budget surplus . the term may be used for the budget of a government , private company , or person.government deficit spending is a point of controversy in economics , with important economists having different views .
chattanooga was a pop trio consisting of the mia , ackie and clara kempff sisters from halmstad in sweden . they scored chart successes during the early 1980s . they also participated at melodifestivalen 1982 with the song " hallå hela pressen " . it ended up 4th . in 2004 , the trio was conemporary united to rerecord " hallå hela pressen " together with nina & kim .
frederick stanley , 16th earl of derby ( 15 january 1841 – 14 june 1908 ) was the governor general of canada from 1888 – 1893 . in north america , he is best known for donating a trophy to be given to canada 's best amateur hockey club . that trophy , a silver cup now known as the stanley cup later became the trophy awarded to the champion of the national hockey league . lord stanley bought the cup in 1892 for $ 50 .
betrayal is when a person breaks the trust and faith of others that trust them.in an article made by rodger l. jackson , it says that " there is not much definition for this word " . in psychology , they say betrayal is the breaking of a social ( friendship ) related things . but for some people , for example , philosophers called judith shklar and peter johnson , a person can understand the word better by literature ( writings ) .
clackmannanshire is a british county and a council area in scotland . it lies north of the river forth , between perthshire to the north and fife to the south.clackmannanshire is the smallest county in the united kingdom . the second smallest , kinross - shire , lies net to it.some villages / places in the county : clackmannan , alloa , dollar , tillicoultry , tullibody
in some countries , a municipal court is a court with limited jurisdiction , both in people and laws . most commonly , municipal courts only deal with the laws and citizens of one city or town . but in some places they make decisions for an entire county , and may be involved with early hearings of cases that will be tried in a higher court . some things that often involve municipal courts are traffic tickets , leash laws , and building code violations and death .
edgardo norberto andrada , better known as edgardo andrada , or simply andrada ( january 2 , 1939 – september 4 , 2019 ) was an argentine professional footballer . he played as a goalkeeper for several top level argentine and brazilian clubs . he played for the rosario central , vasco and the national team . andrada was born in rosario , santa fe province.andrada died on september 4 , 2019 in rosario at the age of 80 .
louis - claude daquin ( born paris , 4 july 1694 ; died paris 15 june 1772 ) was a french composer . he was writing in the last part of the baroque period and the early part of the classical music period . he was a virtuoso organist and harpsichordist . he wrote a lot of excellent music for organ and for harpsichord . his most popular piece is called " le coucou " ( " the cuckoo " ) .
roderick " rody " falesca renee trygvae rijnders ( 1 march 1941 – 15 january 2018 ) was a dutch coxswain . he was born in batavia . he won the silver medal in the coxed pairs at the 1968 summer olympics , alongside hadriaan van nes and herman suselbeek , as well a european bronze in 1965 . rijnders died on 15 january 2018 in the hague at the age of 76 .
chris willis ( born christopher willis on 26 february 1969 ) is an american singer . although he is a gospel singer , willis collaborated with david guetta on the singles " love do n't let me go " , " love is gone " , " just a little more love " , and " everytime we touch " alongside sebastian ingrosso and steve angello.he does disco , electronica , eurodance , gospel , house , and r & b .
a replacement child is a child conceived by parents to replace an older dead sibling . he or she is usually of the same sex as the child they replaced . often they are given the same name . the replacement child provides consolation to the parents for the loss of the earlier child . it is also frequently believed they are a reincarnation of the lost child . as a result a replacement child represents the hopes and dreams parents had for the dead child .
william stephen skylstad ( born march 2 , 1934 ) is an american roman catholic bishop . he is bishop emeritus of the roman catholic diocese of spokane in washington retiring june 30 , 2010 . he is a former president of the united states conference of catholic bishops ( usccb ) . skylstad was appointed apostolic administrator of the roman catholic diocese of baker , in oregon on january 24 , 2011 . skylstad was born in methow , washington .
sigyn is a goddess in norse mythology . she is the wife of loki . sigyn is described in the poetic edda and the prose edda . she is said to be a very loyal wife . she is the goddess of fidelity and bonds who stays with loki even during his final punishment . her name means victorious and she is often depicted holding a bowl over loki to catch the venom of a serpent to prevent it from burning him .
thomas o. hancock ( march 25 , 1929 – january 1 , 2020 ) was an american musician . he was called the godfather of west texas music . hancock was born in lubbock , texas . he played the fiddle . he played for the band the flatlanders . during the 1970s , hancock and his family became followers of guru maharaj ji.on january 1 , 2020 , hancock died in austin , texas at the age of 90 .
lewis cass ( october 9 , 1782june 17 , 1866 ) was an american military officer , politician , and statesman . he represented michigan in the united states senate . he was in the cabinets of two u.s. presidents , andrew jackson and james buchanan . he was also the 1848 democratic presidential nominee . he was an important person for the idea of popular sovereignty . that idea said that the people in each territory should decide whether to allow slavery .
a continuum is a continuous series where all parts are very similar to their nearest neighbour , but the ends or extremes of it are different from each other.this describes something that changes gradually ( little by little ) from one condition , to a different condition , but without any sudden changes or discontinuities.the difference between a continuum , and something with very different changes that can be measured , is important for all continuum theories.continuum may also refer to :
ștefan tașnadi ( hungarian : istván tasnádi , 21 march 1953 – 28 february 2018 ) was a romanian heavyweight weightlifter . he won a silver medal at the 1984 olympics . he was born in cluj , romania . tașnadi took up lifting in 1970 at a sports school and from 1976 to 1984 was a member of the national team . he retired in 1984 to become a weightlifting coach.tașnadi died on 28 february 2018 in cluj napoca at the age of 65 .
gulnazar keldi ( ; 20 september 1945 – 13 august 2020 ) was a tajikistani poet . he was born in dardar he was an editor of the publication " adabiyet va sanat " ( " literature and art " ) . keldi wrote the lyrics of " surudi milli " , the national anthem of tajikistan.keldi died on 13 august 2020 in dushanbe from covid - 19 , aged 74 .
abbas attar ( ; full name : " ʿabbās ʿaṭṭār " ) ( 1944 – 25 april 2018 ) was an iranian photographer . he was known for his photojournalism in biafra , vietnam and south africa in the 1970s . he was a member of sipa from 1971 to 1973 , a member of gamma from 1974 to 1980 , and joined magnum photos in 1981 . abbas died of complications from diabetes in paris on 25 april 2018 at the age of 74 .
todor " toše " proeski ( 25 january 1981 – 16 october 2007 ) was a macedonian multi-genre singer , songwriter and actor . he was popular across the entire balkan area and was considered a top act of the local macedonian music scene . he was dubbed " elvis presley of the balkans " by bbc news . he died in a car crash on zagreb – lipovac a3 highway , near nova gradiška in croatia at the age of 26 .
ngc 1569 is a dwarf irregular galaxy in camelopardalis . this faint galaxy is well studied by professional astronomers , who are interested in the history of star formation in the galaxy . the galaxy is relatively nearby , so the hubble space telescope can easily pick out its stars . in 2008 scientists studying images from hubble calculated the galaxy 's distance at nearly 11 million light - years away , making it a member of the ic 342 group of galaxies .
min bahadur sherchan ( 20 june 1931 – 6 may 2017 ) was a nepalese mountaineer and former british gurkha soldier . in 2008 , the 76 year old became the oldest climber to summit mount everest . he lost the record five years later to 80 year old japanese mountaineer yuichiro miura.sherchan died of a suspected heart attack at everest base camp on 6 may 2017 while trying to reclaim his title at the age of 85 .
caroline esmeralda van der leeuw ( born 26 april 1981 ) , best known by her stage name of caro emerald , is a dutch pop and jazz singer . she released her first song " back it up " on 6 july 2009 . her single " a night like this " in 2009 reached the number 1 position in the netherlands.her second and latest album , " the shocking miss emerald " , reached the # 1 peak in the uk and the netherlands .
marion hugh " suge " knight , jr. ( born april 19 , 1965 ) is the founder and chief executive officer of black kapital records . he is the former ceo of death row records . he worked with tupac shakur , dr. dre , snoop dogg and other rappers on the death row record label.knight was born in compton , california.knight has been convicted of assault . he has been in prison for violating parole .
reese witherspoon ( also known as laura jeanne reese witherspoon , born march 22 , 1976 ) is an american actress and film producer.she lived in wiesbaden , germany for four years when her father worked for the u.s. military . after returning to the u.s. , she spent her childhood in nashville , tennessee . she was raised as an episcopalian . she attended stanford university as an english literature major .
pauline hanson 's one nation ( phon or onp ) , also known as one nation or one nation party , is a political party in australia . one nation was founded in 1997 , by member of parliament pauline hanson and her advisors david ettridge and david oldfield.the party 's founding came before the 1996 federal election because of comments she made about indigenous australians . hanson sat as an independent for one year before forming pauline hanson 's one nation .
shawn colvin ( born january 10 , 1956 in vermillion , south dakota ) is a singer - songwriter and a musician . she began her career in the 1980s , though it was not until 1997 that she became mainstream : her song " sunny came home " ( from her album " a few small repairs " ) was number one on the " billboard " adult pop songs chart in august 1997 . colvin released more records during the late 1990s , 2000s and 2010s .
alexander auld ( born january 7 , 1981 ) is a canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . auld has also played for the new york rangers , vancouver canucks , florida panthers , phoenix coyotes , boston bruins , ottawa senators and dallas stars of the nhl . he has appeared internationally for team canada on three occasions – the 2001 world junior championships , the 2004 spengler cup , and the 2006 world championships .
bernard lucas " ben " feringa ( born may 18 , 1951 in barger - compascuum ) is a dutch chemist , specialized in organic chemistry , materials science , nanotechnology and photochemistry.feringa studied at the university of groningen and is also an academic at the same university.in 2016 , he won the nobel prize in chemistry for supramolecular chemistry , together with jean - pierre sauvage and fraser stoddart .
a corroboree is a ceremonial meeting of aboriginal australians . the word was made by the european settlers of australia . it was an imitation of the eora word " caribberie " . at a corroboree , aborigines interact with the dreamtime through dance , music and costume . many ceremonies act out events from the dreamtime . many of the ceremonies are sacred . people from outside a community can not participate or watch .
a salary is a type of payment a person gets for work done for a job . a " salary " is usually paid for a fixed period of time , such as a month or a week . generally , it does not matter how many hours are worked , the salary remains the same . if someone is not a salaried employee , they are generally an " hourly " employee and are paid a certain amount for each hour 's which is known as " wages . "
quetta ( ) is the capital and largest city of balochistan province in pakistan . it is famous for its climate and buildings . it is to the north of balochistan , 133 kilometers away from spin buldak , afghanistan.in 1935 , a powerful earthquake hit quetta . the earthquake was felt between 2:30 am to 3:40 am . it resulted in the collapse of buildings , that is why there is no historical building in quetta .
jens spahn ( born 16 may 1980 ) is a german politician . he is the federal minister of health since march 2018 . he is a member of the lower house of the federal parliament , the bundestag as a member of the centre - right christian democratic union of germany ( cdu ) . in october 2018 , chancellor angela merkel announced her retirement for the cdu party leadership . spahn announced his intention to stand for election as her successor in december 2018 .
racewalking , or walking race , is a long - distance athletic event . it is different from running : in that one foot must appear to be in contact with the ground at all times . stride length is reduced , so to achieve competitive speeds , race walkers must walk at speeds close to those that olympic 400 - meter runners use . they must walk at those speeds for hours at a time since the olympic events are the 20 km race walk and 50 km race walk .
suburban station is one of the core septa regional rail stations in philadelphia , pennsylvania . it is part of the center city commuter connection . it is at 16th street and jfk boulevard . it was built by the pennsylvania railroad to replace the old broad street station . it officially opened on september 28 , 1930 . suburban station originally had eight tracks and four platforms , until the center city commuter connection extended the tracks to the newer jefferson station . it also added another platform .
alban william housego " a. w. " " bill " phillips , mbe ( 18 november 1914 – 4 march 1975 ) was a new zealand economist . he was a professor of economics at the london school of economics ( lse ) . his best - known contribution to economics is the phillips curve . it explains the relationship between inflation and unemployment rate in the economy . he first described it in 1958 . he also created the moniac hydraulic economics computer in 1949 .
craig phillip robinson ( born october 25 , 1971 ) is an american actor , stand - up comedian , and singer . he is best known for his role as darryl philbin on " the office " , and his roles in the movie " pineapple express " , " miss march " , " zack and miri make a porno " , " shrek forever after " , " hot tub time machine " and " this is the end " . robinson was born in chicago , illinois .
diomedes ( , " diomēdēs " - " god - like cunning , advised by zeus " ) was an ancient greek hero and one of the central figures of the " iliad " . son of king tydeus and queen deipyle , he was the leader of the argive contingent during the trojan war . diomedes was , alongside greater ajax , regarded as one of the greatest of all the achaean warriors , second only to achilles in terms of prowess .
" bembridge " is a village on the isle of wight . it is the village which is farthest to the east on the island . according to the 2001 census of the united kingdom it had a population of 3,848 . the large population ( for a village ) means that some people have said that it has the biggest population of any village in the united kingdom . many of the most rich people who live on the isle of wight live in bembridge .
churchill college is one of the colleges of the university of cambridge , england . in 1958 a group of people was formed to get money to build a new college . this group had winston churchill as leader , so the college was named after him . it opened in 1960 . churchill college has more than 700 students , one of the biggest . many of them study a science subject.churchill college was the first college in cambridge to allow female students . this happened in 1972 .
sir david wing - cheung tang , ( ; 2 august 1954 – 29 august 2017 ) , was a hong kong businessman . he was best known for founding the shanghai tang fashion chain in 1994 , which he sold in 1998 to richemont . tang 's grandfather , tang shiu kin , " founded the kowloon bus company and became one of hong kong 's greatest philanthropists " . tang died on 29 august 2017 of liver cancer at a london hospital at the age of 63 .
silvertown is a district of the london borough of newham , in east london , england . it forms part of the port of london . it lies on the north bank of the river thames . a major £ 3.5 billion redevelopment of the area was approved in 2015 . it was named after samuel winkworth silver 's former rubber factory which opened in 1852 . the area is now dominated by the tate & lyle sugar refinery and the john knight abp animal rendering plant .
carbon paper is a special kind of paper that can be used for copying . on one side , the paper is coated with dry ink , which is usually bound with a kind of wax . it is usually put between two sheets of paper . when pressure is applied from the first sheet , some ink is transferred to the second one.the copy that is produced that way is called " carbon copy " . because it relies on pressure , the technique is limited to only four or five copies .
gary charles peters ( born december 1 , 1958 ) is an american politician who is the junior united states senator from michigan . a member of the democratic party , he was the u.s. representative for from 2013 until his election to the senate.he previously represented from 2009 to 2013 . following the redrawing of congressional district boundaries after the 2010 united states census , peters defeated fellow congressman hansen clarke in the democratic primary and won re-election in the newly redrawn 14th district .
woodside is a neighbourhood in croydon , in the london borough of croydon , england . woodside racecourse opened in 1866 on a park called stroud green farm , it has now closed and is now the site of ashburton learning village , closing in 1890 . woodside station opened to serve visitors to the racecourse , but not a lot of people used it when the course closed so it was replaced to make way for a tram line.woodside is close to south norwood and addiscombe .
tavi gevinson ( born april 21 , 1996 ) is an american writer and blogger . in 2008 she started a blog called " style rookie " . she posted pictures of herself wearing outfits and wrote about the latest fashion trends . the blog was successful . due to its success gevinson was asked to go to new york fashion week and paris fashion week . in autumn 2011 , gevinson made a website called " rookie " . rookie is an internet magazine for teenage girls .
tadeusz różewicz ( 9 october 1921 – 24 april 2014 ) was a polish poet , dramatist and writer . he wrote poetry from 1947 until 2008 . for his work he was awarded the european prize for literature in 2007 and a griffin poetry prize in 2012 . różewicz was born in radomsko near łódź . his brothers , janusz and stanisław , were also writers . janusz was executed in 1944 during world war ii.różewicz died on 24 april 2014 in wrocław , aged 92 .
janet gray hayes ( née frazee ; july 12 , 1926 – april 21 , 2014 ) was an american politician . she was the mayor of san jose , california from 1975 until 1983 . she was both the first woman to be elected as the mayor of san jose , and the first woman elected mayor of any major city in the united states . she was born in rushville , indiana.hayes died from a stroke on april 21 , 2014 in saratoga , california . she was 87 .
nema ( also 1200 south indiana or one grant park and formerly 113 east roosevelt ) is a skyscraper and related development under construction for chicago , illinois in the central station neighborhood , of the near south side community area.the skyscraper is planned to have 792 apartments and rise . it is designed by rafael viñoly as the first of a three phase development that includes an even taller 648 - unit structure as the second phase and a 100 - unit townhouse development with a public park as the third phase .
pfc cska moscow ( russian : профессиональный футбольный клуб - цска , or english : professional football club — central sports club of army [ moscow ] ) is a russian football club from the capital city of moscow . the team was more successful during the soviet union . their biggest rival is spartak moscow . but pfc cska moscow has the most fans . pfc cska moscow was also the first russian team to win the uefa cup ( uefa europa league ) .
field marshal edwin noel westby bramall , baron bramall , ( 18 december 1923 – 12 november 2019 ) was a senior british army officer.bramall was chief of the general staff , the professional head of the british army , between 1979 and 1982 , and as chief of the defence staff , professional head of the british armed forces , from 1982 to 1985 . on 25 april 2013 bramall retired from service in the house of lords . bramall died at the age of 95 on 12 november 2019 .
lito legaspi ( 10 september 1941 – 8 september 2019 ) was a filipino actor . he won gawad urian award for best supporting actor in " sinong kapiling ? sinong kasiping ? " ( 1977 ) . he was probably best known for playing president of the philippines rodrigo duterte in 1992 movie " " . he was born in manila.legaspi died on 8 september 2019 at a manila hospital from cardiac arrest at the age of 77 .
cyprus is a station on the docklands light railway ( dlr ) located in cyprus , london , england . it is south of beckton , in the docklands area of newham , east london . the station serves the university of east london docklands campus and the eastern end of the north quay of the royal albert dock . the station is located on the dlr 's beckton branch , between beckton park and gallions reach stations . it is in travelcard zone 3 .
mirjam pressler ( 18 june 1940 – 16 january 2019 ) was a german novelist and translator . she was the author of more than 30 children 's and teenage books . she also translated more than 300 works of other authors from hebrew , english , dutch and afrikaans . she was also known for translating a revision of anne frank 's diary , " the diary of a young girl " in 1991 . pressler died after a long - illness on 16 january 2019 at the age of 78 .
color me badd is an american new jack swing , pop music and r & b boy band that formed in 1987 . the group consists of several men . it is from oklahoma city . their debut studio album " c.m.b . " was released in 1991 and featured the popular singles " thinkin ' back " , " i wan na sex you up " and " slow motion " . one of their songs was part of the soundtrack of the movie " new jack city " .
publius cornelius scipio africanus ( 236 – 183 bc ) was a general in the second punic war and a politician of the roman republic . he was best known for defeating hannibal of carthage.scipio won the battle of zama in north africa . he got the last name " africanus " and became known as one of the best commanders in military history . the battle was a complete disaster for carthage , who had to beg for peace , and were given humiliating terms by rome .
pope urban i ( 222230 c.e . ) was the seventeenth pope , the official title is the bishop of rome of the catholic church.his reign was a peaceful one and there not much known about it . he served as head of the catholic church during the imperial reign of alexander severus . he is buried in the cemetary at callistus on the appian way . he is considered a saint of the catholic church and his feast day is celebrated on may 25 .
jacques dupont ( 19 june 1928 – 4 november 2019 ) was a french racing cyclist . he was born in lézat - sur - lèze . he won a gold medal in the 1000m time trial at the 1948 summer olympics in london . he also won a bronze medal in the team road race , together with josé beyaert and alain moineau . he won paris – tours in 1951 and 1955 . dupont died on 4 november 2019 in lézat - sur - lèze , at the age of 91 .
baccara was a spanish pop group . they were formed in 1977 . it had two members : mayte mateos and maría mendiola . they were successful with their first song , " yes sir , i can boogie " . baccara represented luxembourg in the eurovision song contest in 1978 . they performed " parlez - vous français ? " . in 1981 , baccara split . both mateos and mendiola then began work on music by themselves .
tiu , also teyew etc. . , was a ancient egyptian pharaoh who ruled in the nile delta . he ruled in the predynastic period in ancient egyptian history . the predynastic period began around 10,200 bc , and ended between 4,500 and 2,000 bc.tiu is mentioned in the palermo stone inscriptions , along with a small number of kings of lower egypt . nothing else is known of his life or what he did while he was pharaoh .
lee hoi - chang ( korean : 이회창 , hanja : 李會昌 , june 2 1935 - ) is south korean politicians and judges . chairman of comptroller 's , 26th prime minister of south korea . nickname was ' kyungsa ' ( 경사 ) , ' taezzeok ' ( 대쪽 ) . after 1960 , he was served to 30 years as a judge , 1993 13th chairman of comptroller 's of south korea , prime minister of south korea december 17 1993 to june 2 1994 .
władysław " wladek " szpilman ( ; 5 december 19116 july 2000 ) was a polish pianist and classical composer.szpilman is known as the main character of the roman polanski movie " the pianist " ( 2002 ) . this movie is based on the book of the same name . it recounts polanski 's survival of the german occupation of warsaw and the holocaust.szpilman died in warsaw , poland on 6 july 2000 at the age of 88 .
hwang kyo - ahn ( , hanja : 黃敎安 , rr : hwang gyo - an ; born 15 april 1957 ) is a south korean politician and lawyer . he was the 44th prime minister of south korea from 18 june 2015 to 11 may 2017 . he was the justice minister.hwang was the acting president of south korea after the impeachment and removal of president park geun - hye on 10 march 2017 , until the election of moon jae - in on 9 may 2017 .
prescott ennis burgess ( born march 6 , 1984 in warren , ohio ) is an american football linebacker . he is currently a free agent in the national football league ( nfl ) . burgess was drafted out of the university of michigan by the baltimore ravens with the 207th pick in the sixth round of the 2007 nfl draft . burgess has played for the baltimore ravens from 2007 to 2009 , the new england patriots in 2009 , and the ravens again from 2009 to 2011 . he was released by the ravens in 2011 .
belgium is made of 589 municipalities ( dutch : " gemeenten " , french : " communes " , german : " gemeinde " ) . these municipalities are grouped into ten provinces ( five belonging to the flemish region with 308 municipalities , five to the walloon region with 262 municipalities ) , and the brussels - capital region ( with 19 municipalities ) . usually , municipalities are the smallest subdivisions of belgium , but in municipalities with more than 100,000 people living there , they get divided into districts ( ) .
chandra bahadur dangi ( ; 30 november 1939 – 3 september 2015 ) was a nepalese farmer and craftsman . he was best known for being the shortest man in recorded history , measuring . dangi was a primordial dwarf . he broke the record of gul mohammed ( 1957 – 1997 ) , the shortest adult human whose height was . he was born in kalimati , salyan district.dangi died from pneumonia on 3 september 2015 in pago pago , american samoa , aged 75 .
the kven language is a finnic language spoken in northern norway by the kven people.in 2005 the language was officially given minority status in norway . this was for political and historical reasons . the european charter for regional or minority languages has rules for the signs of a minority language . linguistically , however , it is seen as a mutually intelligible dialect of the finnish language . because of this it is grouped together with the peräpohjola dialects , such as meänkieli , spoken in torne valley in sweden .
paolo fabbri ( 17 april 1939 – 2 june 2020 ) was an italian semiotician and professor . he was born in rimini , kingdom of italy.fabbri taught at the italian cultural institute in paris from 1992 to 1996 . he also taught at the university of florence , the university of urbino , the university of palermo , the school for advanced studies in the social sciences , and the collège international de philosophie.fabbri died on 2 june 2020 in rimini , aged 81 .
erik thomas von detten ( born october 3 , 1982 ) is a american actor and voice actor.he is known for his roles as danny in the television movie , " escape to witch mountain " , the voice of the toy - destroyer sid phillips in " toy story " , andy brinker in the disney channel original movie " brink ! " , josh bryant in " the princess diaries " , chris savage in the television series , " complete savages " , and clu bell in the television series , " so weird " .
zarqan county ( ) is a county in fars province , iran.at the 2006 census , its population was 46,672 , in 11,815 families . the county has two cities : zarqan and lapui . the county has three rural districts ( " dehestan " ) : band - e amir rural district , rahmatabad rural district , and zarqan rural district . the zarqan county was established on 2018 in fars province .
in physics , the field strength of a field is the magnitude ( size ) of its ( vector ) value . this means that the force exerted by the field on a given object is proportional to the field strength.in differential geometry , the field strength is another name for the curvature form . for the electromagnetic field , the curvature form is an antisymmetric matrix whose elements are the electric field and magnetic field : the electromagnetic tensor.in radio engineering , field strength is the strength of radio waves in a particular location .
cooktown is the northernmost town on the east coast of australia . in 2006 , there were 2093 people living in the town . it is at the mouth of the endeavour river , on cape york peninsula in north queensland . cooktown is named after the english explorer , captain james cook , and the endeavour river is named after his ship , the " endeavour " . its population of 2000 doubles each june as the community re-enact cook ’s historic landing , complete with replica ship , cannon fire and period costume .
egg donation is when a woman gives some of her eggs ( ova ) . sometimes it is done to help that woman or another woman have a baby . sometimes it is for research . sometimes the eggs are frozen for later.the first child born from egg donation was in 1983 in australia . the first one in the united states was born february 3 , 1984 . a woman who gives her ova is called an egg donor . egg donors are recruited , screened , and give consent before participating in the process .
the song of songs is a book of the hebrew bible or tanakh , and also in the old testament of the christian bible . it is one of the five " megillot " ( scrolls ) . the song of songs is also known as the song of solomon or as canticle of canticles . it is known as " aisma " in the septuagint , which is short for αισμα ᾀσμάτων , " aisma aismatôn " , " song of songs " in greek .
john towner williams ( born february 8 , 1932 ) is an american composer and conductor . he has composed many soundtracks for blockbuster movies such as " star wars " , " superman " , " jaws " , " jaws 2 " , " indiana jones " , " home alone " , " " , " jurassic park " , " " , " harry potter and the philosopher 's stone " , " harry potter and the chamber of secrets " , " harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban " , and " lincoln " .
elijah jerry " pumpsie " green ( october 27 , 1933 – july 17 , 2019 ) was an american major league baseball ( mlb ) infielder . he played with the boston red sox from 1959 to 1962 ) and for the new york mets in 1963 . he was a switch - hitter who threw right - handed . he was listed as tall and . green was born in boley , oklahoma.green died at a hospital in san leandro , california on july 17 , 2019 at the age of 85 .
empress wanrong ( chinese : 婉容 , 13 november 1906 – june 20 , 1946 ) , formally known as the xuantong empress , was from the gobulo ( 郭布羅 ) clan . she was married to puyi , the last emperor of china . in 1932 , she became the empress of manchukuo in northeastern china . in january 1946 , wanrong along with her sister - in - law was captured by the chinese communist guerrillas . she died in prison in june 1946 . her remains were never found .
loneliness is a sad emotion that a person can feel if they are isolated or feel a sense of lack of friends and family members . loneliness can make people feel anxious.people can feel lonely even if they are surrounded by a lot of other people . loneliness can occur even to people in marriages , relationships , families and successful jobs . one cause of loneliness is a lack of friends during childhood and teenage years . loneliness can also be caused by chronic depression . loneliness can also be caused when a relationship or marriage ends .
the iron cross was a medal given to german soldiers for bravery during wartime . the award was created by king frederick william iii of prussia . it was first given out on 10 march 1813 . the iron cross was awarded during the napoleonic wars , the franco - prussian war , the first world war , and the second world war . this medal was received by adolf hitler after world war i.the medal is only given in wartime , so no iron crosses have been given out since the end of the second world war in 1945 .
sir kennedy alphonse simmonds , kcmg ( born 12 april 1936 ) , is a saint kitts and nevis politician . simmonds was a founding member of the people 's action movement ( pam ) party . he was the premier of saint kitts and nevis from 21 february 1980 , until the twin - island state gained independence from the united kingdom on 19 september 1983 . he later became the 1st prime minister of saint kitts and nevis . he was prime minister from 1983 to 1995 .
ingram olkin ( july 23 , 1924 – april 28 , 2016 ) was an american professor . he was the professor emeritus and chair of statistics and education at stanford university and the stanford graduate school of education . he was known for creating statistical analysis for evaluating policies , such as in education , and for his works to meta - analysis , statistics education , multivariate analysis , and majorization theory.olkin died from complications of colorectal cancer at his home in palo alto , california on april 28 , 2016 , aged 91 .
rūsiņš mārtiņš freivalds ( 10 november 1942 – 4 january 2016 ) was a latvian computer scientist and mathematician . he was a member of latvian academy of sciences from 1992 . he discovered freivalds ' algorithm . he also taught at the university of latvia with students including daina taimina and andris ambainis . he was born in cesvaine and studied at moscow state university ( msu ) . freivalds died from a heart attack on 4 january 2016 in riga , aged 73 .
three 6 mafia is a rap group from memphis , tennessee . they became a band under the name triple 6 mafia in 1991 and released their debut studio album " mystic stylez " in 1995 . they are signed to sony music entertainment , hypnotize minds and columbia records . their song " it 's hard out here for a pimp " won an academy award for best original song in 2006 . the song " somebody 's gon na get it " is the current entrance theme song of wwe superstar mark henry .
alim qasimov ( born 1957 ) is an azerbaijani musician . he is one of the foremost mugam singers in azerbaijan . he was awarded the international music council - unesco music prize in 1999 . it is one of the highest international honors for music . his music is characterised by his vocal improvisation . it is a move away from the traditional style of mugham . qasimov has recorded nine albums , three of which are mugham albums with his daughter , ferghana qasimova .
the university of otago ( ) in dunedin is new zealand 's oldest university . founded in 1869 the university opened in july 1871 . between 1874 and 1961 the university of otago was a part of the university of new zealand , and issued degrees in its name.the university of otago has ten libraries — seven based in dunedin on the main university campus , the education library in southland , plus two medical libraries in wellington and christchurch . all libraries have wireless access.the university of otago had over 21,000 students enrolled during 2011 .
australia has no nuclear power stations and the rudd labor government was opposed to nuclear power for australia . however , australia does have a small research reactor ( opal ) in sydney , and it does export uranium.uranium mining and export and nuclear issues have often been the subject of public debate , and the anti-nuclear movement in australia has a long history . it began with the 1972 – 73 debate over french nuclear testing in the pacific , which involved several groups , and the 1976 – 77 debate about uranium mining in australia .
der er et yndigt land ( [ tɛɐ̯ ˈɛɐ̯ e̝t ˈøntit ˈlænˀ ] ; ' there is a lovely land ' ) is the civil national anthem of denmark . adopted in 1835 , hans ernst krøyer composed the music in the same year , and the anthem 's lyrics ( words ) were written by adam oehlenschläger in 1819 . denmark has another anthem called " kong christian stod ved højen mast " , which is also officially used a national anthem but is usually reserved for royal and military purposes .
the sanda secondary school ( ) is a secondary school in huskvarna in sweden . it was opened for the 1970 - 1971 school year . since 1979 the school has a sports profile . originally , it only had the sports of basketball and cross-country skiing . more sports were later added , for example ice hockey ( starting in the 1995 - 1996 season / school year ) . in the 2005 - 2006 season / school year , the school won the swedish boys ' floorball championship for boys born 1987 .
mr. men is a series of 52 children 's books by roger hargreaves started in 1971 . " little miss " was another series of 39 books by the same author with female characters that started in 1981 . after hargreaves died in 1988 , his son , adam hargreaves , began writing and illustrating new stories about the " mr. men " and " little miss " characters . he created ten new characters ; four of them were inspired by work roger hargreaves had produced before his death .
félix de almeida mendonça ( march 23 , 1928 – june 26 , 2020 ) , better known simply as félix mendonça , was a brazilian politician and engineer . he was born in conceição do almeida , bahia . he was a member of the democratic labour party . he was a member of the chamber of deputies from 1983 to 1987 and again from 1991 to 2011 . from 1963 to 1966 , he was mayor of itabuna.on june 26 , 2020 , mendonça died in salvador , bahia at the age of 92 from covid - 19 .
richard randall rollins ( november 5 , 1931 – august 17 , 2020 ) was an american billionaire businessman . he was the chairman of rollins inc. , the us 's largest pest control company . he was born in ringgold , georgia.he was also chairman of marine products corporation , and rpc , inc and a director of dover downs gaming and entertainment , inc , and dover motorsports.as of august 2020 , " forbes " his net worth at us $ 5.1 billion.rollins died on august 17 , 2020 , aged 88 .
antonia eugenia " nia " vardalos ( born september 24 , 1962 ) is a canadian actress and screenwriter . she has performed in several movies . she starred in comedies " my big fat greek wedding " in 2002 , and " connie and carla " in 2004 . she later began acting in more independent movies . she starred in my big fat greek life and " my big fat greek wedding 2 " . vardalos was born in winnipeg , manitoba . her parents are greeks . she got united states citizenship in 1999 .
joão ubaldo osório pimental ribeiro ( 23 january 1941 – 18 july 2014 ) was a brazilian writer . his best known novel was " an invincible memory " which was a success in the english - speaking world . several of his books and short stories have been made into movies and tv series in brazil.ribeiro was born in itaparica , bahia . he had been married three times and had four children.ribeiro died from a pulmonary embolism on 18 july 2014 in rio de janeiro , aged 73 .
patrick finnegan ( september 20 , 1949 – july 2 , 2018 ) was a united states army brigadier general . he served as president of longwood university from 2010 to 2012 . finnegan served 39 years in the u.s. army , retiring in 2010 after serving as the 12th dean of the academic board at the u.s. military academy . he was born in fukuoka , japan , but raised in baltimore , maryland.finnegan died in farmville , virginia on july 2 , 2018 from a heart attack , aged 68 .
the prime minister of norway ( , literally the " minister of the state " ) is the head of government of norway and the most powerful person in norwegian politics.the prime minister and cabinet is almost always the leader of the majority party in the storting , or the leader of the senior partner in the governing coalition.norway has a constitution , which was adopted on 17 may 1814 . the position of prime minister is the result of legislation.the current prime minister of norway is erna solberg , of the conservative party since october 2013 .
" e.t . " is a song by singer katy perry . it features rapper kanye west . it was released 16 february 2011 and has a stomp - stomp - clap beat or rhythm similar to queen 's " we will rock you " . the queen song has the band stamping their feet twice , and clapping once . this single received mixed reviews by the music critics . the song is style from the electronic music genre with elements from teen pop , with the lyrics speaking of falling in love with a foreigner .
jerry maren ( born gerard marenghi ; january 24 , 1920 – may 24 , 2018 ) was an american actor and writer . he was the only confirmed surviving dwarf munchkin from " the wizard of oz " ( in 2014 ) . the other surviving munchkin cast member was ruth robinson duccini until she died in 2014 . maren is the last surviving male dwarf munchkin from the movie and later the only living munchkin actor since the death of duccini . maren retired from public appearances in september 2011 .
the 1917 – 18 nhl season was the first season of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . the season was split into two halves , december 19 to february 4 , and february 6 to march 6 . the montreal canadiens won the first half , and toronto the second half . the montreal wanderers withdrew early in january 1918 after their rink , the westmount arena , burned down . toronto won the nhl playoff and then won the stanley cup by defeating the pcha 's vancouver millionaires three games to two in a best - of - five series
sea glass and beach glass are pieces of glass worn smooth by waves . technically , " sea glass " is glass found on beaches along bodies of salt water . as the glass reaches the shoreline pounding waves and rocks break it into smaller pieces . the sharp edges are worn smooth . salt water erodes the glass and gives it a frosted appearance . " beach glass " comes from fresh water . it is found mainly along coastlines and the shores of large lakes . however many feel sea glass and beach glass are the same thing .
hugo boss ag , often styled as boss , is a german luxury fashion house headquartered in metzingen . it was founded in 1924 by hugo boss.with the rise of the nazi party in the 1930s , boss began to produce and sell nazi uniforms . after world war ii and the founder 's death in 1948 , hugo boss started to turn its focus from uniforms to men 's suits . the company went public in 1988 . hugo boss along with the guggenheim museum administers the hugo boss prize which is given annually to artists from around the world .
a window is an opening in a wall or roof of a building , in a car etc. . , to let air and light in . it is usually filled with a sheet of glass . there can be many different shapes and sizes , including rectangular , square , circular , or irregular shapes . some windows include coloured glass . windows are usually transparent so that people can see through them.before glass was used in windows , people in asia used paper to fill the hole in the wall . the paper would let light in .
gert bals ( 18 october 1936 – 20 may 2016 ) was a dutch footballer . he played as a goalkeeper.bals became the first dutch goalkeeper in an uefa cup final , when he played for ajax in the 1969 european cup final against milan.he played 216 official matches for ajax after making his debut for them in august 1965 and won 4 league titles with the club . he won the dutch footballer of the year award in 1969 . he finished his career at vitesse after losing ajax ´ number one jersey to heinz stuy in 1970 .
stauroteuthis syrtensis is a species of small pelagic octopus . it is also known as the glowing sucker octopus . the octopus is found at great depths in the north atlantic ocean . it is one of a very small number of octopuses to have bioluminescence , meaning it can create light.the mantle length of " stauroteuthis syrtensis " is about and its width about . the fins are some in width . the eight arms are of unequal length , the longest extending to about .
ptolemaida , former kailaria , is a greek town in the kozani prefecture in the region of macedonia . the city is best known for its coal mines of lignite and power station . it has been also called by greek people " the socket of greece " because it has very strong power stations . its population is 28.679 inhabitants according to the 2001 census . ptolemaida is the biggest industrial , trade , and rural city of the prefecture and one of the most developed cities in industry in greece .
devonté " dev " hynes ( born 23 december 1985 ) , also known as lightspeed champion or blood orange , is a british singer , songwriter , and music producer . hynes was born and raised in ilford , london . he was a member of the dance punk band test icicles from 2004 until the band broke up in 2006 . the band released one album.in march 2008 hynes published a comic book.hynes gave a ted talk at the technology , entertainment , design conference in vancouver , canada about his synesthesia .
megan jennifer connolly ( 9 april 1974 – 6 september 2001 ) was an australian actress . she was best known for her role as rebecca nash , replacing belinda emmett , in the television series " home and away " . she also appeared in other television productions such as " paradise beach " . in 1990 , she starred in the movie " the crossing " with russell crowe . she later became a television announcer.connolly was born in new south wales and was of irish ancestry.connolly died from a heroin overdose on 6 september 2001 , aged 27 .
raymond poulidor ( 15 april 1936 – 13 november 2019 ) , nicknamed " pou - pou " , was a french professional racing cyclist , who rode for his entire career.he never once wore the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification in 14 tours , of which he completed 12 . he did win one grand tour , the 1964 vuelta a españa.on 13 november 2019 , raymond poulidor died in saint - léonard - de-noblat of pulmonary edema . he had been in a hospital for two months prior , having suffered from heart problems .
there are 3 arrondissements in the allier department . the french departments , and in other countries , are divided into " arrondissements " , which may be translated into english as districts ( in some cases , as boroughs ) . the capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.if the prefecture ( capital ) of the department is in an arrondissement , that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement , acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.the arrondissements are further divided into communes.the arrondissements of the allier department are :
felching is a human sexual practice in which one person sucks semen or other fluids out of the vagina or anus of a another person . the acts of sucking the semen and then passing it from the mouth of one person to a third person is called snowballing . however , snowballing usually relates to semen ejaculated in the mouth following fellatio.felching can also mean the licking or sucking of another person 's anus , similar to the act of a rimjob ( analingus ) .
sarat pujari ( 8 august 1934 – 12 may 2014 ) was an indian movie actor , director and producer . he is known for his roles in " jiban sathi " , " tapoi " , " bhukha " , " drusti " , and in " shesha drushti " . he was born in nayagarh , odisha.on may 12 , 2014 , pujari died from a heart attack at his house in bhubaneshwar . he is survived by his wife , two daughters and two sons .
martijn garritsen ( born 14 may 1996 ) , commonly known by his stage name martin garrix , is a dutch dj , musician , and producer . he is best known for the track " animals " which went straight to the uk singles chart in 2013 . his single " wizard " , produced with jay hardway , was released on 2 december 2013 . garrix is ranked no . 1 on the top 100 dj mag in 2018 and no . 2 in 2019 . he saw his mentor tiësto performing at the 2004 summer olympics .
the national emblem of algeria is the seal used by the government . other states use coats of arms . the current emblem began in 1976 . the difference was changing the motto from french to arabic . on the emblem is the crescent that is also found on the flag of algeria . it is a symbol of islam . the text says " the people 's democratic republic of algeria " . the hand of fatima is in front of the atlas mountains . it is below a rising sun to show a new era . buildings are for industry and plants for agriculture .
james william nantz , iii ( born may 17 , 1959 ) is a personality with cbs sports . he currently partners with clark kellogg and steve kerr for college basketball games , nick faldo for golf tournaments , and phil simms for nfl games.his jobs include these : nantz has been honored with the nssa ’s national sportscaster of the year award five times ( 1998 , 2005 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 ) . in 2011 , nantz was named as a recipient of the pete rozelle radio - television award from the pro football hall of fame .
william george bonin ( 8 january 1947 - 23 february , 1996 ) also known as the freeway killer was an american serial killer . he raped , tortured , and killed of at least 21 children and young people in 1979 and 1980 in southern california . bonin is also suspected of 15 more murders . described by the prosecutor in his first trial as " the most diabolical person that ever existed , " bonin was convicted of 14 murders in two separate trials in 1982 and 1983 . he was executed by lethal injection in san quentin state prison on february 23 , 1996 .
the pim fortuyn list , dutch : " lijst pim fortuyn " ( shortened " lpf " ) , was a dutch political party.the pim fortuyn list was a populist party , established by pim fortuyn , and also named after him , in 2002 . the lpf participated for the first time in the general elections of 2002 , shortly after the murder of fortuyn , and won 26 seats.numerous quarrels within the party caused its downfall . the lpf was disestablished in 2008 .
the douglas a-3 skywarrior is an american twin - turbojet military aircraft . its first flight was in 1952 . it was first used in 1956 . it was originally designed and built as an attack aircraft . later it was optimized for aerial refueling and electronic warfare as ka - 3 and ea - 3 . the us navy used it from aircraft carriers for the vietnam war . the b - 66 destroyer is a variant built for the us air force . the douglas a-3 skywarrior has been out of service since 1991 .
denny demarchi ( 28 november 1962 – 15 may 2020 ) was a canadian multi-instrumental musician and singer - songwriter . he was born in toronto.he was a tour musician for the well - known irish band the cranberries during their reunion tour ( 2009 – 11 ) . demarchi was also known for his role as the keyboardist who played the signature keyboard notes for the popular 1990 no . 1 billboard hit song " more than words can say " by the band alias.demarchi died on 15 may 2020 of cancer at the age of 57 .
on august 10 , 2018 , a horizon air bombardier dash 8 q400 was stolen from seattle – tacoma international airport ( " sea – tac " ) in seatac , washington.the man responsible was 29 - year - old richard russell . he was a horizon air ground service operator with no piloting experience.russell performed an unauthorized takeoff and flew southward as f - 15 fighter jets were scrambled to take down the plane . sea – tac air traffic control made radio contact with russell . he was killed when the plane crashed on sparsely populated ketron island in puget sound .
" it 's been awhile " is a song by american alternative metal band staind . the song was released in march 20 , 2001 . it was the first single on their third studio album " break the cycle " . on the " billboard " charts , " it 's been awhile " was able to peak at # 5 on hot 100 , # 1 on the hot mainstream rock tracks , # 1 on the hot modern rock tracks , # 3 on the top 40 mainstream , # 6 on the hot adult top 40 tracks , and at # 4 on the top 40 tracks charts .
chinu modi ( gujarati : ચિનુ મોદી ) , also known by his pen name , irshad ( gujarati : ઈર્શાદ ) ( 30 september 1939 – 19 march 2017 ) was a gujarati language poet , novelist , short story writer and critic from gujarat , india.he taught many institutions and established himself as a poet and author . he was a recipient of several awards including sahitya akademi award , vali gujarati award and narsinh mehta award.modi died on 19 march 2017 from multiple organ failure after suffering a heart attack in ahmedabad , india , aged 77 .
mario rafael díaz - balart caballero ( born september 25 , 1961 ) is an american politician . he is a republican . since 2003 , he has served as a member of the u.s. house of representatives . he currently represents . he has also served in the florida house of representatives ( 1988 – 1992 , 2000 – 2002 ) and the florida senate ( 1992 – 2000 ) . he was born in fort lauderdale , florida.in march 2020 , during the 2019 – 20 coronavirus pandemic , díaz - balart tested positive for covid - 19 .
burgundy ( ) is a former administrative region of france . it is now part of the administrative region of bourgogne - franche - comté . it was also a historic region in eastern france . the french adjective and name of the inhabitants of the region is " bourguignon " . with over , it is one of the largest region of france . it covers about 6 % of the territory of the country.the four departments in the region were côte - d'or , nièvre , saône - et - loire and yonne . its capital was dijon .
selena etc . is american singer selena 's clothing store chain . she began designing and manufacturing in 1993 and opened two boutiques . the two stores were in corpus christi and the other in san antonio . both had beauty salons . " hispanic business " reported that the singer earned over $ 5,000,000 dollars from these boutiques . one was going to open in monterrey , mexico in 1995 but did not because of her death . in 2009 , chris perez , widower of selena , had to close the stores due to the recession of 2007 .
carbon monoxide poisoning happens from breathing in carbon monoxide ( co ) at large levels.symptoms are often described as " flu - like " and commonly include headache , dizziness , weakness , vomiting , chest pain , and confusion . large exposures can result in loss of consciousness , arrhythmias , seizures , or death.carbon monoxide poisoning can be accidental , like if the oven 's gas is left on by accident or a gas leak . however , it can often be used as a suicide method such as keeping the car on while in a closed garage .
josé hugo garaycoa hawkins ( 2 june 1930 – 27 march 2018 ) was a peruvian roman catholic bishop.garaycoa hawkins was born in callao , peru and was ordained to the priesthood in 1961 . he served as titular bishop oh horæa and auxiliary bishop of the roman catholic archdiocese of lima , peru , from 1982 to 1991 . he then served as bishop of the roman catholic diocese of tacna y moquegua , peru , from 1991 to 2006 . garaycoa hawkins died on 27 march 2018 in lima , peru at the age of 87 .
thomas gordon " tom " poston ( october 17 , 1921 – april 30 , 2007 ) was an american television and movie actor . his career began during the 1970s . according to usa today life editor dennis moore , poston appeared in more sitcoms than any other actor . in the 1980s , he played george utley , opposite bob newhart 's character on " newhart " and burt sigurdson in " that '70s show " . after a short illness , poston died of respiratory failure on april 30 , 2007 , in los angeles , california at the age of 85 .
barisal , officially known as barishal , ( " bengali pron : [ boɾiʃal ] " ) is a town in southern bangladesh . it is an old port on the kirtankhola . it is 142 km ( 373 km by road ) away from the capital city dhaka . it is now the headquarters of both the barisal division and the barisal district . the city has 30 wards and 50 mahallas . barisal municipality was formed in 1957 and was turned into a city corporation in 2000 . barisal city has one police academy .
walter perry johnson ( november 6 , 1887 – december 10 , 1946 ) was an american major league baseball pitcher . he played 21 years in the major leagues , all for the washington senators . he was then the manager of the senators from 1929 to 1932 , and he managed the cleveland indians from 1933 to 1935 . he was known for being able to throw baseballs with great speed , and he was nicknamed " the big train " . he set many baseball records and has the second-most wins of all - time . many people think he is the greatest pitcher of all - time .
abel ferrara ( born july 19 , 1951 ) is an american movie maker . in his movies there is provocative and controversial content . his best known movies are " ms. 45 " ( 1981 ) , " cat chaser " ( 1989 ) , " king of new york " ( 1990 ) , " dangerous game " and " the funeral " ( 1996 ) . ferrara later directed the movie " ' r xmas " ( 2001 ) . he directed the movie " mary " in 2005 . that was about religion and jesus christ.ferrara was born in the bronx , new york city .
the red forest ( , ) is in the area around the chernobyl nuclear power plant . the forest is the trees in the 10 km ² around the damaged nuclear reactor . the name " red forest " comes from color of the pine trees that died after taking in high levels of radiation from the chernobyl accident on april 26 , 1986 . the trees became reddish - brown . people took down the trees and buried them in ' waste graveyards ' while cleaning up after the disaster . the red forest is one of the areas in the world today with the most radioactivity .
grace andrews ( may 30 , 1869 – july 27 , 1951 ) was an american mathematician.andrews got her undergraduate degree from wellesley college in 1890 . she got a master 's degree from columbia university in 1899 and a doctor of philosophy in 1901 . she was one of only two women listed in the first edition of american men of science , which appeared in 1906 . charlotte angas scott , was the other female mathematician.she worked as an assistant professor of mathematics for barnard college from 1900 to 1902 . she then worked as accountant to the treasurer for wesleyan university from 1903 to 1926 .
wabasha is a city in wabasha county , minnesota , usa . it is also the county seat.the population was 2,495 in 2013 . wabasha is located in southeastern minnesota on the mississippi river . established in 1830 , wabasha is the oldest town in minnesota . it is also the oldest continuously occupied city in the upper mississippi river valley . wabasha is named after chief wa - pa - shaw of the sioux nation.wabasha was the setting of the movies " grumpy old men " and " grumpier old men " .
faggot ( or fag ) is a derogatory term for a homosexual human . it is usually used to refer to gay men , but may also be used for lesbian women . many people , especially homosexuals , see it as hate speech . typically , they prefer the term gay , or sometimes queer ; queer having been reclamed by the lgbtq + community despite the term 's pre-existing negative connotation.younger generations often use the term " fag " as an insult towards people that annoy them without actually linking the word to homosexuals .
an invest in meteorology ( weather ) ( also invest ) is a labelled area of bad weather that is being looked at for a possible tropical cyclone being made . invests are labelled by three hurricane centers : the national hurricane center , central pacific hurricane center and joint typhoon warning center . the labelling of an area of bad weather as an invest does not always mean that a tropical cyclone will be started . invests have numbers from 90 to 99 , with a l in the atlantic , e and c in the east and central pacific in that order , or w in the west pacific after the number .
the englischer garten , german for " english garden " , is a large public park in the centre of munich , bavaria , germany stretching from the city centre to the northeastern city limits . it was created in 1789 by sir benjamin thompson ( 1753 – 1814 ) , later count rumford ( reichsgraf von rumford ) , for prince charles theodore , elector of bavaria . thompsons ' successors , reinhard von werneck ( 1757 – 1842 ) and friedrich ludwig von sckell ( 1750 – 1823 ) , advisers on the project from its beginning , both extended and improved the park .
the atari jaguar was a video game machine released by atari in 1993 . it was not a successful product and was atari 's last console . it also had a cd - based accessory called the atari jaguar cd.the atari jaguar was sold at about the same time as the playstation , sega saturn and nintendo 64 , but it was not very popular as it did not have as many popular games as these other consoles . the graphics of atari jaguar games look a lot like the sega genesis , sega mega drive or snes games as it did not run 3d games as well as the sega saturn or playstation .
maina sage ( born 10 may 1975 ) is a french politician from french polynesia . she was born in papeete . she is a member of the tapura huiraatira party . since 2014 , she has served as a member of the national assembly for french polynesia 's 1st constituency . from 2008 to 2017 , she was a member of the assembly of french polynesia.on 12 march 2020 , during the 2019 – 20 coronavirus pandemic , it was made clear that sage had tested positive to covid - 19 . she became infected after travelling to paris .
john claggett danforth ( born september 5 , 1936 ) is a retired american politician . he began his career in 1968 as the attorney general of missouri . he served three terms as a united states senator from missouri . he is considered a moderate and conciliator . he has been periodically called out of retirement by both of the major political parties to fill diplomatic roles . in 2004 , he served briefly as united states ambassador to the united nations.danforth is an ordained episcopal priest . he presided over the state funeral of ronald ( 2004 ) and nancy reagan ( 2016 ) .
yandobinskoye rural settlement ( ; , " yountapa jal tărăkhĕ " ) is an administrative and municipal division ( a rural settlement ) of alikovsky district of the chuvash republic , russia . it is located in the central part of the district . its administrative center is the locality ( a " selo " ) of yandoba . rural settlement 's population : 1,081 ( 2006 est . ) . yandobinskoye rural settlement comprises twelve rural localities.the cheboksary – alikovo highway crosses the territory of the rural settlement .
alfred sisley ( 30 october 1839 – 29 january 1899 ) was an english impressionist landscape painter . he was a british citizen , but was born , and spent most of his life , in france . sisley is known for his impressionist landscapes painted " en plein air " , that is , outdoors . he never went into portrait painting and continued in the impressionist style all his career.among his most important works are a series of paintings of the river thames , mostly around hampton court , painted in 1874 , and various paintings showing places in or near moret - sur - loing .
hagersville is a town in haldimand county , ontario , canada . it is about 45 kilometers southwest of hamilton , ontario . according to the 2011 census , the town 's population is 2,579 . the town started in 1855 , when a roadway ( now ontario highway 6 ) was built through the area . it started growing after the canadian southern railway built a line through the area in 1870 . during world war ii , the royal canadian air force built a training school near the town.the ohsweken demons of the canadian lacrosse league plays its home games at hagersville .
in optics , a virtual image is an image formed when the outgoing rays from an object always diverge ( move apart ) . a plane mirror forms a virtual image positioned behind the mirror . light from the source only exists in front of the mirror . the image in a plane mirror appears to be as far behind the mirror as the object is in front of the mirror.in contrast , a real image is one that is formed when the outgoing rays form a point converge at a real location . real images can be projected onto a diffuse reflecting screen , but a screen is not necessary for the image to form .
mary fallin ( born december 9 , 1954 ) is an american politician . she was the 27th governor of the u.s. state of oklahoma from 2011 to 2019 . before becoming governor , she was a u.s. representative , serving from 2007 until 2011 . she is the second woman elected to the united states congress from oklahoma . the first was alice mary robertson in 1921 . she was the first republican and first woman to serve as lieutenant governor of oklahoma . she served in that post from 1995 to 2007 . she is also the first woman to serve as governor in the state of oklahoma .
pūjā ( devanagari : पूजा ) is a prayer service ritual done by hindus . the word puja comes from sanskrit , and means reverence , honor and worship . a puja honors one or more deities . it also spiritually celebrates an event . it is sometimes spelled phonetically as " pooja " or " poojah " . a puja is the most common form of worship in the hindu religion . it may honor or celebrate the presence of special guests or their memories after they die . puja rituals are also held by buddhists , jains and sikhs .
messier 84 ( also known as " ngc 4374 " ) is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation of virgo . m84 is in the heavily populated inner core of the virgo cluster of galaxies.radio observations and hubble space telescope images of m84 have revealed two jets of matter shooting out from the galaxy 's centre , as well as a disk of rapidly rotating gas and stars . this suggests there is a supermassive black hole at the centre of the galaxy . its mass is 1.5 m , that is gravitation amounting to 15 billion solar masses .
robert joseph hogan ( born september 28 , 1933 ) is an american actor . he was born in new york city.hogan is known for his roles in " alice " , " another world " , " as the world turns " , " days of our lives " , " deadline " , " general hospital " , " law & order " , " murder , she wrote " , " one life to live " , " operation petticoat " , " peyton place " , and " the wire " . the character of colonel robert hogan on " hogan 's heroes " ( played by bob crane ) was named after him .
james w. hardy , iii ( december 24 , 1985 – june 7 , 2017 ) was an american football wide receiver for the baltimore ravens . hardy also played for the buffalo bills from 2008 to 2010 . hardy was drafted out of indiana university by the buffalo bills with the 41st pick in the second round of the 2008 nfl draft.on june 7 , 2017 , a body was found in the maumee river in fort wayne , indiana . the next day , the allen county coroner determined the body to be that of hardy . the cause of his death has yet to be determined . he was 31 years old .
division ii is the middle division of competition in the national collegiate athletic association . it is less competitive and less expensive than division i , but more competitive than division iii , which offers no athletic scholarships . divisions ii and iii were previously known togther as the ncaa college division.this is a list of division ii athletics ( or sports ) conferences : these conferences do not play football : these conferences play only one or two sports . note that the ncaa treats swimming and diving as a single sport . also , the ncaa counts men 's and women 's teams in the same sport as playing two different sports .
the pound sterling ( gbp ; £ or ₤ ) , also called just the pound , is the official currency used in the united kingdom . it is also used in british overseas territories , isle of man , bailiwicks of guernsey and jersey . the pound is divided into 100 . today 's coins are 1 penny , 2 pence , 5 pence , 10 pence , 20 pence , 50 pence , £ 1 and £ 2 . the notes are £ 5 , £ 10 , £ 20 and £ 50 . as of november 2019 , one pound was equal to 1.28 united states dollars .
binary is base 2 number system . it is base 2 because it uses two possible numbers : 0 and 1 . decimal , the system most of the world uses for daily life , is a base 10 system – it uses 10 characters ( 0 – 9 ) . when binary numbers are written , a subscript " ( 2 ) " is added to distinguish them from the same number in base 10 . computers work in binary , because wires can store information in two different ways : by being powered , or not being powered . sets of binary numbers can be used to represent any information , such as text , audio , or video .
fernando matthei aubel ( july 11 , 1925 – november 19 , 2017 ) was a chilean air force general . he was born in osorno , chile . he was part of the military junta that ruled chile from 1973 to 1990 , replacing the dismissed gustavo leigh as air force commander in chief on july 24 , 1978 . from 1976 through 1978 , matthei served as minister of health.matthei was part of the junta from 1977 to 1990 , retiring from the air force in july 1991 . matthei died on november 19 , 2017 in santiago , chile of cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 92 .
hydrography is a subject of geography . it concerns itself with measuring the physical characteristics of waters , such as rivers , lakes and oceans . it can also be about such measurement in navigable waters , as they are necessary for the safe passage of ships and vessels.massive hydrographical studies are usually undertaken by national or international organizations that sponsor data collection through surveys and publication of charts and descriptive materials for navigational purposes.hydrography 's origin lies in the making of chart like drawings and notations made by individual mariners . it was usually a private property , even closely held secrets , used for commercial or military advantage .
an iteration is a step where some action is repeated . in everyday life , an iteration is simply a repeated action , for example when someone says , " do i have to re " iterate " myself ? " . in this case , the re " iteration " is what the person said and might say again . in computer science , an iteration is one run through a block of code that is repeated multiple times . in fractal geometry , an iteration is one application of the set of rules of the fractal to create another stage of the fractal . it is also used in computer programming .
puppets are objects used in theatrical performances . they are similar to dolls . they often use strings or other means to make the puppet move and look alive . some puppets are very simple , but others are more complicated and need skill to use . the person who works the puppet and makes it move is called a puppeteer . the audience can not usually see this person but some , like a ventriloquist and dummy , are in full view of the audience . there are many different types of puppets to be found around the world . puppetry is a special art form that is very important in some cultures .
interstate h - 2 ( abbreviated h - 2 ) is an intrastate interstate highway located on the island of o‘ahu in hawai‘i , usa . h - 2 is also known as the veterans memorial freeway . despite the number , this is a north – south interstate – the ' h ' - series ( for hawaii ) numbering reflects the order in which routes were given money and built . its southern terminus is at interstate h - 1 in pearl city , and its northern terminus is at wilikina drive ( route 99 ) in wahiawā near schofield barracks and wheeler army airfield . the route is long .
alumpeedika is a small village / hamlet of oachira in the kollam district of kerala , india . it comes under clappana panchayath and belongs to south kerala division . it is located 31 km north of the district headquarters , kollam , 1 km from oachira , and 101 km from the state capital , thiruvananthapuram . nearby towns include kayamkulam , oachira , and karunagappally . alumpeedika is near the border of the kollam and alappuzha districts . it is near the arabian sea .
bob beckwith ( born september 21 , 1933 ) is an american firefighter . he is a former member of the new york city fire department.beckwith became well known to the united states ' after he stood next to president george w. bush as the president gave a speech at the ruins of the world trade center after the attacks of september 11 , 2001 . photos of beckwith and the president appeared on the front page of the " new york daily news " and the cover of " time " magazine.beckwith has met several times with president bush since then , spoken many times in public , and acted as a fundraiser for charities .
meresankh i was ancient egyptian queen of the 3rd dynasty of egypt . she was a lesser ranked wife of pharaoh huni , mother of pharaoh sneferu , grandmother of pharaoh khufu . one of her great - granddaughters was named meresankh ii.name of meresankh appears on a fragment of the palermo stone . she is also mentioned at meidum.title of meresankh was " king 's wife " . queens ' name means " she loves life " . here is a name of this queen written in hieroglyphs : u6 - s29 - s34
ido is a constructed language , a so - called reformed esperanto , which was developed in 1907 . ido was made by a group of people that thought esperanto was too hard to be a world language . they did not like how esperanto used letters with special diacritic marks over them , because that made it hard to type , and they thought that a world language should be easy to learn and write.ido is not as popular as esperanto , but still about 100 - 200 people in the world speak it . they have a conference every year where people come together and speak the language .
the standard model ( sm ) of physics is a theory of the elementary particles , which are either fermions or bosons . it also explains three of the four basic forces of nature . the four fundamental forces are : gravity , electromagnetism , the weak force , and the strong force . gravity is the one the model does not explain.the model uses the parts of physics called quantum mechanics and special relativity , and the ideas of physical field and symmetry breaking . some of the mathematics of the sm is group theory , and also as equations which have biggest and smallest points , called lagrangians and hamiltonians .
peter anton orlovsky ( july 8 , 1933 – may 30 , 2010 ) was an american poet , writer and movie actor . he was the lifelong partner of allen ginsberg . orlovsky was in 3 movies : " pull my daisy " , " chappaqua " and " me and my brother " . orlovsky was born on july 8 , 1933 in new york city , new york and studied at columbia university . orlovsky 's father was a russian immigrant . orlovsky died on may 30 , 2010 in williston , vermont from lung cancer , aged 76 . he was buried in williston .
the university of costa rica ( ) is a public university in the republic of costa rica , in central america . its main campus is ciudad universitaria rodrigo facio . it is located in san pedro montes de oca , in the province of san josé . it is the oldest , largest , and most prestigious university in costa rica . it is also the most important research university in central america . about 39,000 students attend ucr each year.the university of costa rica is currently in the top 500 best universities worldwide , ranking at # 287 world - wide , and at # 11 latin america-wise .
state route 99 ( commonly known as old highway 99 or just 99 , also named in the future as interstate 7 or interstate 9 ) is a state highway in california , in the united states . it is about long , running from north to south in the central valley . it is parallel with interstate 5 . it begins at interstate 5 near wheeler ridge , and continues north through the major cities of bakersfield , fresno , chowchilla , modesto , stockon , sacramento , chico , and red bluff . most of it is freeway , but some of it is still the historic rural two - lane road or a four - lane highway .
a shop or store is a place where people can go to buy items that they need or want . people might go to a shop to buy food , clothes , furniture , jewelry , or many other things . there are loads of shops in the world people can buy their things from.people might also go to a repair shop if something is broken , and they want the shop to fix it . for example , someone might bring a broken bicycle to a bicycle repair shop.shops can be anything from large supermarket chains to small businesses.shops any countries : north america , south america , africa , asia , western europe , eastern europe .
ștefan andrei ( 29 march 1931 – 31 august 2014 ) was a romanian communist politician for the romanian communist party . he served as the minister of foreign affairs of romania from 8 march 1978 until his sacking on 11 november 1985 . he was taken over by ilie văduva . in 1989 , he was arrested after the overthrow of the nicolae ceauşescu regime . he was sentenced to two years and ten months imprisonment.andrei was born in podari , oltenia . he was married to the movie actress violeta andrei . they had one son , călin.andrei died on 31 august 2014 in snagov , aged 83 .
chilton county is a county of the u.s. state of alabama . in 1942 , the u.s. navy commissioned a new vessel , the uss " chilton " , in honor of chilton county . in 2010 , the population was 43,643 . the county seat is clanton . it is a dry county which means alcoholic drinks can not be sold.the county is known for its peaches and its unique landscape . it is home to swamps , prairies and mountains due to the foothills of the appalachians . it also has the coosa river basin and is close to the black belt prairie .
aleksey vladimirovich batalov ( ) was a soviet and russian actor . he has been known for his portrayal of noble and positive characters . he was named a people 's artist of the ussr in 1976 and a hero of socialist labour in 1989 . he also starred in mikhail romm 's " nine days of one year " ( 1962 ) . in 1967 he was a member of the jury of the 5th moscow international film festival . in 1973 he was a member of the jury at the 8th moscow international film festival.batalov died on 14 june 2017 in moscow from complications of a fall at the age of 88 .
kallen pokkudan ( ; 1937 – 27 september 2015 ) , also known as kandal pokkudan , was an indian environmental activist and writer . he was best known for helping to protect mangrove forests in kerala from 1989 until his death . he also wrote several books even his basic literacy , including to autobiographies.pokkudan was born in ezhom moola , idukkil thara , kannur . he had six children , three sons and three daughters.pokkudan died after an illness on 27 september 2015 in cherukunnu , kannur . he was 78 .
dalip kaur tiwana ( 4 may 1935 – 31 january 2020 ) was an indian novelist and short - story writer . she wrote about contemporary punjabi literature . she won awards , both regional and national , and was a widely translated author.in 1963 , she joined the punjabi university , patiala as a lecturer and then went on to become professor and head of the department of punjabi , and dean , faculty of languages . she was also a ugc national lecturer for a year.in 2004 , she was awarded the padma shri award in 2004 . tiwana died on 31 january 2020 of lung disease in punjab , india at the age of 84 .
mohan rangachari ( 16 october 1952 – 10 june 2019 ) , better known by his stage name crazy mohan , was an indian actor , comedian , screenwriter and playwright . he wrote over 30 plays , and worked on over 40 movies as a dialogue writer and actor . he also wrote more than 100 short stories . he appeared many tamil movies , including the comedies " michael madana kama rajan " ( 1990 ) , " thedinen vanthathu " ( 1997 ) and " vasool raja mbbs " ( 2004 ) . mohan died of a heart attack on 10 june 2019 in chennai , tamil nadu . he was 66 .
jean - michel vernhes , born in 1950 at mazamet , is a french aerospace engineer and businessman . he is the current president of french airports ( " union des aéroports français " ) and of toulouse - blagnac airport.graduate from the french civil aviation university ( 1971 ) , jean - michel vernhes starts his career in 1975 at the air traffic control center of bordeaux . he has done a career of 20 years in air navigation . he is nominated president of toulouse - blagnac airport in 1999 . the 18th of may 2011 , in addition , he become president of the french airports ( " union des aéroports français " ) .
moira orfei ( ; 21 december 1931 – 15 november 2015 ) , a.k.a . miranda orfei , was a popular italian actress and television personality . moira was considered the queen of the italian circus . she was also an actress who was known for her role as giorgia casellato in " the birds , the bees and the italians " . on 4 august 2006 moira orfei had an ischemic stroke during a show in gioiosa ionica . she was still under medical care when she died on 15 november 2015 in brescia , italy from complications of the stroke , aged 83 .
william hall bush ( born october 13 , 1971 ) is an american former radio and current television host . he is a member of the bush family , which includes two former u.s. presidents and other political figures.after appearing as a correspondent on " access hollywood " from 2001 to 2004 , bush became a primary anchor of the program in 2004 . bush also hosted " the billy bush show " from 2008 to 2014 . in october 2016 , during the presidential election , he was part of the controversy when the 2005 " access hollywood " recording surfaced of him and presidential candidate donald trump having a lewd conversation . bush was fired from " today " shortly afterwards .
osman alyanak ( born 1916 , istanbul - died september 30 , 1991 - istanbul ) is a turkish play and voice actor.osman alyanak , who has been playing football for a while in galatasaray , started acting in operas in his art life . after short - time plays in some theatrical ensembles , he moved to camera in 1950 and played supporting roles in various movies and series . over 150 artists were working in the production , and at the same time had worked on voice acting . besides being known as " oralet osman " because of the commercial film he played for a while , " tayyare osman " was known in yeşilçam .
bernard le bovier de fontenelle 11 february 16579 january 1757 ) , also called bernard le bouyer de fontenelle , was a french author . he was a member of three of the academies of the institut de france . he was noted for ability to explain scientific topics during the age of enlightenment.he is generally credited for being the first to use the watchmaker analogy , when he used it in his work conversations on the plurality of worlds , published in 1686 . however , it was william paley ( 1743 – 1805 ) who gave one of the best known explanations for this in his book " natural theology " , published in 1802 .
sycorax is one of uranus ' moons . it is the biggest retrograde non-spherical one of its moons.sycorax was found on september 6 , 1997 by brett j. gladman , philip d. nicholson , joseph a. burns , and john j. kavelaars . they found it using the 200 - inch hale telescope . they also found caliban . sycorax was given the designation s / 1997 u 2 . sycorax was confirmed as uranus xvii . it was named after sycorax , caliban 's mother in william shakespeare 's play " the tempest " .
antonio colomban ( 5 february 1932 – 18 may 2020 ) was an italian football player and coach . he was born in fasana d'istria , italy . he was a midfielder.colomban played youth football with milan and professionally with messina , cagliari and taranto.colomban began his coaching career in 1957 . he worked with messina , taranto , torres , olbia , gallipoli , vittoria , igea virtus , gela , and nissa . he retired in 1993 . colomban died of a heart attack on 18 may 2020 in messina , italy at the age of 88 .
david charles olney ( march 23 , 1948 – january 18 , 2020 ) was an american folk singer - songwriter . he was born in providence , rhode island . olney performed as a solo singer - songwriter , and released more than 20 albums over forty years . he worked with artists such as john hadley and sergio webb.his songs were covered by and co-written with emmylou harris , steve earle , linda ronstadt , steve young , del mccoury , and laurie lewis , among others.olney died of a heart attack during a performance onstage at the 30a songwriter festival in santa rosa beach , florida , on january 18 , 2020 , at age 71 .
progressivism generally means any political movement that wants to change government for the better . it is the opposite of conservatism . it most often refers to a political movement in the united states in the late 19th and early 20th centuries . in the united states , these people wanted to change politics , which was at that time run by big business and corrupt political machines . most of the people who believed in the progressive movement were part of the middle class . some of the leaders of the progressive movement were theodore roosevelt , hiram johnson , william howard taft , robert m. la follette , sr. , franklin d. roosevelt , howard dean , and bernie sanders .
a communication cable is made of many wires or optical fibers twisted together to make a larger wire . each of these wires may be covered . some cables contain both electrical wires and optical fibers . there are many kinds of cables , including coaxial cables which block out radio or magnetic interference from other wires or cables , by having one wire inside an insulated tube surrounded by a second wire , acting as a metal tube along the same axis.electrical cables are usually made of copper , because electricity moves well through copper , but it is not as expensive as silver or other better conductors . cables are sometimes made of aluminium because it is cheaper than copper.the word " cable " is also used as ellipsis , or a short form , for " cable tv " . wire ropes are a common type of cable . a cable car is a trolley pulled by a cable .
sir john robert kerr ( 24 september 1914 – 24 march 1991 ) was the 18th governor - general of australia from 1974 - 1977 . he is famous for dismissing prime minister gough whitlam in 1975 . this is one of the most famous events in australian history . even though the whitlam government was not voted back in after being dismissed , kerr 's actions divided opinion and he continued to be disliked by many people.prime minister gough whitlam chose john kerr to be governor general in 1974 . in 1974 – 75 the whitlam government thought about borrowing us $ 4 billion in foreign loans . a minister , rex connor , had secret discussions with a loan broker from pakistan . the treasurer , jim cairns , misled parliament about this . this made the new leader of the opposition , malcolm fraser use the senate to stop passing money for the government until there was an election . whitlam refused . in 1975 the opposition , led by malcolm fraser , blocked government supply in the senate . this meant that the government had no money . this was a big crisis in australia . in order to end the crisis , john kerr dismissed whitlam and made fraser the prime minister . whitlam lost the election that was held a month later .
an idol is a religious item that represents a god . it can also mean someone who is admired by many people , like a pop idol . idolatry refers to the worship of idols.christians disagree about what idolatry is . catholicism and eastern orthodoxy see christian art and icons as good , because they see christ 's incarnation as having made images of god lawful . however many protestants regard much catholic art as idolatry.this is due to differences in the understanding of the ten commandments . " you shall have no other gods before me . you shall not make for yourself a graven image , or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above , or that is in the earth beneath , or that is in the water under the earth ; you shall not bow down to them or serve them ; for i the lord your god am a jealous god , visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children to the third and the fourth generation of those who hate me , but showing steadfast love to thousands of those who love me and keep my commandments . " ( rsv exodus 20:3 - 6 ) islamic art is often based on geometric abstraction or calligraphy to avoid idolatry , but jewish art is somewhat broader . hindus have murtis , a term often translated as “ idols ” .
the rev . william j. o'malley , s.j . ( born august 18 , 1931 ) is an american author and actor . he was born in buffalo , new york . he graduated from the college of the holy cross in 1953.o ' malley is best known for playing father joseph dyer in the 1973 horror classic movie " the exorcist " . he taught theology , ap english and later an elective called " the problem of god / morality / marriage / fatherhood " at fordham preparatory school in the bronx until june 2012 . he was an associate professor of theology at fordham university and later a professor of theology and the humanities at seattle university.in august 2019 , o'malley was accused of sexually assaulting a student multiple times while teaching in rochester , new york in the late 1980s .
" wide awake " is a song by american pop singer - songwriter katy perry . the single was released may 22 , 2012 , via capitol records as the second and final single from " teenage dream : the complete connection " , a re-release of perry 's third studio album , " teenage dream " . the song was well acclaimed by music critics , many of whom gave the maturity of perry as a reason for citing . the song hit number 1 in several countries , including canada , poland , new zealand , and venezuela , while it peaked at number 2 in the united states . the single is among a string of hits by perry . it is an electronic song about moving on and taking hardships when breaking up . the song was certified quintuple - platinum in the us for sales and streams of over five million copies . it ranked at number 15 on " billboard " 's year - end hot 100 of 2012 in the us .
francisco ibáñez talavera ( born 15 march 1936 ) , spanish comic book artist and writer . he was born in barcelona , spain . he is the creator of several comic book series . the most famous series he created is " mortadelo y filemón " . ibáñez worked in a bank while publishing his first drawings before dedicating himself fully to his craft in 1957 . a year later , " mortadelo y filemón " appeared for the first time in the publication " pulgarcito " . after that ibáñez created several other characters . since 1988 , he has drawn six new " mortadelo y filemón " albums a year . many of them concern common issues of the day.in 1994 , he received the grand prize of the " salón del cómic de barcelona " . in 2001 he received the " medalla de oro al mérito en las bellas artes " ( " gold medal for contributions to the fine arts " ) . he received the " premios notario del humor " 2008 from the university of alicante .
ernie is an orange muppet on the television program " sesame street " . ernie was created and voiced by jim henson . steve whitmire has voiced ernie since love . he is bert 's best friend . they live together.ernie is the more active and funny kind of guy . he looks like an orange football with horizontal stripes on his shirt . he laughs differently than anyone else and really likes to sing.ernie was first seen with bert in the test episodes of " sesame street " in 1969 . his voice at that time was more similar to rowlf the dog than kermit the frog . he had purple and yellow stripes on his shirt and a purple nose instead of the red and blue stripes and red nose he has now . his shirt and nose were changed in the second year of the program . in the third year , his eye focus got better.bert is ernie 's and roommate . he is more grumpy , but still likes ernie .
rohullah nikpai ( born june 15 , 1987 ) is an athlete from afghanistan . he won an olympic bronze medal for taekwondo.nikpai started his training in kabul , afghanistan , at the age of 10 . at the 2006 asian games in doha , qatar nikpai was in the flyweight division . he lost to silver medalist nattapong tewawetchapong of thailand in round 16 . nikpai was in taekwondo at the 2008 summer olympics . he defeated two - time world champion juan antonio ramos of spain . winning the bronze medal made him afghanistan 's first olympic medalist in any event . afghanistan president hamid karzai immediately called to congratulate nikpai . he also gave him a house paid by the government . " i hope this will send a message of peace to my country after 30 years of war , " nikpai said .
gracia barrios rivadeneira ( 27 june 1927 – 28 may 2020 ) was a chilean painter . she was born in santiago de chile . she was the winner of the 2011 national prize for plastic arts . her husband , josé balmes , was also an artist.after the 1973 chilean coup d'état , the artist went into exile in france along with her husband and daughter.her works " human activity in everyday life " . some of the themes she tackled in her paintings were war , indigence , and exile . in addition to using oil and acrylic paints , she experimented with natural elements such as earth and clay.barrios died on 28 may 2020 from lung disease at a hospital in santiago , aged 92 .
heta ( uppercase / lowercase ) is another name for the letter eta ( η ) , a letter of the greek alphabet , and also for some other variant forms of it . this name is used to show that this letter at first was pronounced as " h " , just like in latin . later , in the ionian dialect of greek , people stopped pronouncing the sound " h " , and therefore they gave the letter a new meaning and used it for a long " e " sound instead . some other dialects then took over this new letter " eta " , and so they had to find a new form for the letter for " h " . in some dialects they invented a new letter " " to stand for " h " . today , the name " heta " is also used for this letter .
fernando álvaro lamas y de santos ( january 9 , 1916october 8 , 1982 ) was an argentine - american actor and director . he was known for playing the " latin lover " in many movies during the 1940s and 1950s . in 1951 , lamas starred as paul sarnac in the musical , " rich , young and pretty " with jane powell . he also starred in " the law and the lady " ( 1952 ) which was very unpopular.he also starred alongside elizabeth taylor in " the girl who had everything " ( 1952 ) . he is the father of actor lorenzo lamas . he was married to arlene dahl between 1954 to 1960 . he was also married to esther williams between 1969 until his death .
whist is a classic english trick - taking card game which was widely played in the 18th and 19th centuries.whist is played by four players . they play in two partnerships with the partners sitting opposite each other . players cut or draw cards to determine partners , with the two highest playing against the two lowest . the players then cut for deal . unlike contract bridge , there is no bidding process . trumps are decided by cutting a deck of cards . therefore the game can be played by people who know nothing about modern bridge bidding.although the rules are simple , there is scope for scientific play . originally it was a gambling game played in clubs and coffee houses .
gregorio allegri ( 1582 – february 7 , 1652 ) , was an italian composer and priest . he wrote a large number of religious pieces , including motets and several settings of the mass . his best known compositions is the " miserere mei deus " . from 1591 to 1596 allegri was employed in a church choir in rome . in 1601 he became a tenor in the choir . he studied music and composing with the director of the choir , g. b. nannio . he moved around to a number of different churches in rome , before joining the choir at the vatican in 1629 . this was the choir that performed in the sistine chapel for the pope . he was made the director of the choir in 1650 . pope urban viii had rewritten some of the texts used in the religious services . allegri was given the job of editing giovanni da palestrina 's music so that it would fit with the new words . he was seen as an expert in the old style , even though some of his music was written in the new baroque style .
kathleen rachel makinson ( née white ) ( 15 february 1917 - october 2014 ) was an australian research scientist . she held a number of prominent positions within csiro . she began work in the division of textile physics in 1953 , and was a senior principal research scientist from 1971 - 1977 . she was the first woman to become a chief research scientist at csiro ( 1977 - 1982 ) . from 1979 - 1982 she was the assistant chief of the division , also the first woman to hold such a position.in 1981 , she was elected a fellow of the australian academy of technological sciences and engineering ; in 1982 she was made a member of the order of australia ( am ) . makinson died in sydney , australia from natural causes , aged 97 .
i 'm on fire is the début mixtape album by recording artist slim burna . it was released as a free digital download for fans on burna 's 25th birthday , 11 april 2013 . it features guest appearances from a wide range of artists such as attitude ( of dem mama soldiers ) , squeeze , bukwild da ikwerrian , p.i . piego ( of ruud boiz ) , knowledge , and many more . music critics gave " i 'm on fire " good reviews . it became the most successful mixtape ever released by a port harcourt artist . as of 26 may 2014 , it has been downloaded more than 50,000 times .
the covid - 19 pandemic in mozambique is part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 ( ) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ( ) . the virus was confirmed to have reached mozambique in march 2020 . on 8 april 2020 , mozambique registered seven new positive cases of covid - 19 , increasing the total number of confirmed cases to 17 , nine of which are local transmissions.after ending june with 254 confirmed cases , the number of confirmed cases had doubled by 13 june , with a further 44 cases confirmed on that day alone.the country recorded its third death on 14 june , an 84 - year - old man from nampula province .
joe osborn ( august 28 , 1937 – december 14 , 2018 ) was an american bass guitar player . he was born in mound , louisiana . he was known for his work as a session musician in los angeles and nashville during the 1960s through the 1980s . his playing can be heard on records by such well - known groups as the mamas & the papas , the association , the grass roots and the 5th dimension.osborn can be heard on simon & garfunkel 's " bridge over troubled water " and the 5th dimension 's version of " aquarius / let the sunshine in " . he can be heard playing on several of nancy sinatra 's 1970 's recordings and he was the bassist on the 1977 christian album " forgiven " by don francisco.osborn died on december 14 , 2018 in greenwood , louisiana from pancreatic cancer , aged 81 .
a bachelor of arts or ba is a college degree . it takes three years to get it in australia , austria , denmark , estonia , england , wales , northern ireland , germany , iceland , india , israel , the netherlands , new zealand , norway , quebec , pakistan , singapore , south africa , and switzerland . it takes four years in canada , republic of ireland , scotland , japan , united states , republic of korea , and the philippines . " bachelor of arts " is often written as " ba " or " b.a . " the latin term is " artium baccalaureus " so some colleges use the abbreviation of " ab " or " a.b . "
calendars are commonly based on the rotation of celestial bodies , such as the sun or the moon . these calendars periodically add a certain time unit , to make the calendar follow the rotation more closely , which is known as intercalation . as an example , the solar year is about 365,25 days long . the gregorian calendar says that the year has 365 days , but that roughly every four years , an extra day is added.another example is the jewish calendar , which is a lunisolar calendar . in addition to the 365,25 days of the solar year , there are the 29.5 days in a lunar month . this gives the problem that the year does not have twelve months , but about 12.4 months . the calendar solves this problem by adding an extra month in certain cases .
the niger basin authority is an intergovernmental organisation in west africa . they manage and develop the resources of the basin of the niger river . the group is called by both french and english acronyms , nba or abn.the organisation was founded in 1964 as the river niger commission . on 21 november 1980 , it was refounded as the niger basin authority.nine nations are members : benin , burkina faso , cameroon , chad , côte d'ivoire , guinea , mali , niger and nigeria . while a small area of algeria is in the niger basin , it is not a member of the nba . the organisation is based in niamey . they work in both french and english .
janet f. kitz ( " née " brownlee ; 12 january 1930 – 10 may 2019 ) was a scottish - born canadian educator , author and historian . she is best known helping the 1917 halifax explosion become well - known to the public . the event is the largest man - made explosion before the atomic bomb and the worst man - made disaster in canadian history . in the 70 years after the halifax explosion , only two books had been written about the event . she wrote many books about the disaster , including " shattered city : the halifax explosion and the road to recovery " ( 1989 ) . kitz was born in carnwath , south lanarkshire , scotland . she married leonard arthur kitz , the former mayor of halifax , nova scotia , in 1971 . the couple soon moved to nova scotia.kitz died on 10 may 2019 in halifax , nova scotia . she was 89 .
patrick layton " pat " paulsen ( july 6 , 1927 – april 24 , 1997 ) was an american comedian and actor . his longest - running role was as a frequent " candidate " for president of the united states.paulsen was born in south bend , washington . paulsen had served in the united states marines during world war ii . after the war , he went to college , and worked a variety of jobs ( as a salesman , an , a truck driver , and others ) before starting a comedy with his brother . after the troupe broke up , paulsen started performing on his own . he played at many of the same as the smothers brothers , before they became famous.after the smothers brothers began a television variety show ( " the smothers brothers comedy hour " ) in 1967 , they invited paulsen to join their regular cast . he wrote for the show , and also appeared on camera in different roles . he began a series of mock editorials , that became very popular , by both poking fun at extremist opinions , and giving people reasons to think and talk about important issues ( the first amendment , gun control , drugs , and other matters ) . hundreds of viewers wrote to cbs , who broadcast the " comedy hour " , to ask for copies of the editorials.during 1968 ( an election year in the united states ) , paulsen began a pretend " campaign " for president , and used the campaign to show the humor and irony in american politics . he did many of the things a real candidate would do , making public appearances , giving speeches , granting media interviews , and making his " stand on the issues " well known . when election day came , people in many places around the united states really did vote for paulsen , as a candidate , because they were not satisfied with what the real candidates ( republican richard m. nixon , democrat hubert humphrey , alabama governor george wallace , and others ) promised to do as president.after " the smothers brothers comedy hour " ended in 1969 , paulsen continued to work as a comedian and actor . instead of just making people laugh , he often drew their attention to problems in american society , such as pollution , prejudice , and poor government . during the 1970s , he bought the cherry county playhouse , a theater in traverse city , michigan that showed . paulsen sometimes reunited with the smothers brothers , and usually staged another pretend campaign every election year . in 1992 he chose singer tiny tim as his , to become his vice president . paulsen died on april 24 , 1997 from pneumonia from complications of brain and colon cancer , during medical treatment in tajuana , mexico , he was 69 years old . he is survived by his wife noma paulsen .
historians ( and sometimes political scientists ) are surveyed and asked to give presidents of the united states number ratings on their overall performance or on different aspects of their leadership.several different factors are considered in deciding what makes one a good or bad president . these include their character , their vision for the country , their relations with congress , their relations with foreign leaders ( diplomacy ) , how they managed the economy , how they managed the military , and their overall political skill.to make sure the rankings are fair , many surveys equally balance the opinions of liberal democrats and conservative republicans.it is sometimes difficult to accurately rank a president because all of the presidents faced completely different challenges and lived in different times.historical opinions of u.s. presidents often change over time . for example , harry truman had very low approval ratings right after he left office , but many historians now consider him among the greatest presidents .
osvaldo bayer ( 18 february 1927 – 24 december 2018 ) was an argentine writer and journalist . he lived in buenos aires . in 1974 , during the presidency of isabel perón , he went into exile , living in linz am rhein , germany . an anarchist , he was a critic of the national reorganization process dictatorship ( 1976 – 1983 ) . he also founded the department of human rights in the school of philosophy and humanities of the university of buenos aires.he worked at the newspapers " noticias gráficas " , " clarin " and " esquel " , a local newspaper in the patagonian town of esquel . in 1958 he founded " la chispa " ( " the spark " ) . bayer died on 24 december 2018 in buenos aires , at the age of 91 .
thomas anthony " tomie " depaola ; september 15 , 1934 – march 30 , 2020 ) was an american writer and illustrator . he created more than 260 children 's books such as " strega nona " . he won the children 's literature legacy award in 2011 . depaola was born in meriden , connecticut . depaola appeared in several episodes of " barney & friends " as himself . in 2017 he also appeared as himself in the jim henson company series " telling stories with tomie depaola " . depaola was openly gay.depaola died of problems caused by a fall on march 30 , 2020 in lebanon , new hampshire at the age of 85 .
oodgeroo noonuccal ( ; born kathleen jean mary ruska , formerly kath walker ; 3 november 1920 – 16 september 1993 ) was an australian poet , political activist , artist and teacher . she was best known for her poetry , and was the first aboriginal australian to publish a book of verse . oodgeroo noonuccal is a traditional quandamooka name that she adopted for herself in 1988 ( oodgeroo refers to the paperbark tree , and noonuccal is the name of her tribe ) . oodgeroo campaigned strongly for aboriginal rights . she was one of the main people behind the campaign for the changes to the australian constitution in 1967 . these changes gave aboriginal people full citizenship . she also campaigned for prime minister robert menzies and his successor harold holt.she wrote many books , beginning with " we are going " ( 1964 ) , the first book to be published by an aboriginal woman . this first book of poetry was very successful , and oodgeroo became one of australia 's best - selling poets . her writing contained strong political messages . oodgeroo described her own style as " sloganistic " . she wanted to show how proud she was of being an aboriginal . she wanted her writing to make people support equality and aboriginal rights . oodgeroo won several literary awards , including the mary gilmore medal ( 1970 ) , the jessie litchfield award ( 1975 ) , and the fellowship of australian writers ' award.in 1972 she opened an educational centre in her hometown of moongalba , on north stradbroke island . the centre taught children about nature and aboriginal culture.oodgeroo was made a member of the order of the british empire in 1970 . she returned it in 1987 to protest the australian bicentenary celebrations and to make a political statement about social inequality in australia .
inti cusi huallpa huáscar , or " sun of joy " lived in 1503 – 1532 and was emperor of the inca empire from 1527 to 1532 ad , he succeeded his father huayna capac and brother ninan cuyochi . both of whom died of smallpox while they fought near quito.on the death of their father and their older brother , the empire was divided between the two surviving brothers , huáscar and atahualpa . huascar got the major part of it with the capital cusco , and atahualpa the northern parts , including quito ( now the capital of ecuador ) . for a couple of years , the two brothers reigned without problems . huascar demanded that atahuallpa swear an oath to him . atahuallpa refused and the civil war began . atahualpa 's commander lead armies of 100,000 men . about 60,000 men supported huáscar . this demonstrates the numerical potential of incan armies . the war was uncompleted , but atahualpa had a clear advantage when francisco pizarro arrived . it was partly due to this civil war that francisco pizarro was successful .
the intermediate value theorem says that if a function , formula_1 , is continuous over a closed interval formula_2 , and is equal to formula_3 and formula_4 at either end of the interval , for any number , c , between formula_3 and formula_4 , we can find an formula_7 so that formula_8 . this means that if a continuous function 's sign changes in an interval , we can find a root of the function in that interval . for example , if formula_9 and formula_10 , we can find an formula_7 in the interval formula_12 that is a root of this function , meaning that for this value of x , formula_13 , if formula_1 is continuous . this corollary is called bolzano 's theorem .
abelisaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in south america during the upper cretaceous period . there is one known species , " abelisaurus comahuensis " . " abelisaurus " was the first abelisaurid to be discovered , and gives its name to the family , the abelisauridae . " abelisaurus " is the type genus . despite this , little is known about it.the first , and only , fossils discovered were several skull bones found in argentina . scientists put them back together in the lab to create a skull . the skull is similar to that of other members of its family . like most abelisaurs , it is blunt and short in length , but tall in vertical height from a front view . " abelisaurus " probably preyed on the large sauropod dinosaurs of the time , such as " amargasaurus " , in packs . it may also have hunted smaller plant - eating dinosaurs , such as the small ornithopod " gasparinisaura " .
the reinheitsgebot is a regulation about the purity of beer . the regulation started in ingolstadt , in bavaria , in germany , in 1516 . the regulation says several things : some people talk about the " bavarian " reinheitsgebot , or the " german " reinheitsgebot . they all mean the same thing . there are similar acts in the other states which later became known as germany.the reinheitsgebot is no longer part of german law . it has been replaced by the provisional german beer law , which allows things prohibited in the " reinheitsgebot " , such as wheat malt and cane sugar , but which no longer allows unmalted barley.yeast was not a part of beer until louis pasteur discovered what it did during fermentation . this was around the year 1800 . brewers ( the people brewing beer ) usually re-used some of the sediments of the fermentation . they took some sediments of an older brew and added those sediments to the next brew.hops were added as a method of preservation ( to stop the beer going bad quickly ) . hops were allowed to stop other things ( like adding certain mushrooms to the beer , which was done in the middle ages ) being done to preserve beer . other herbs , like stinging nettles had been used . the stinging nettle is part of the same plant family as hops.a brewer who broke the " reinheitsgebot " was punished : the beer barrels were taken by the state and destroyed and he / she did not receive any money for the loss.even today , many brewers are proud of the " reinheitsgebot " ; most german breweries say they follow it . some only use it as a marketing tool . the " reinheitsgebot ' says that beer is made of barley , so all wheat beers were not allowed by the original reinheitsgebot ) . belgian beers are different . the brewers often add sugar ( to boost fermentation ) . nevertheless , belgian beers have a brewing tradition at least as long as those of germany . they taste totally different from the german ones .
the goldberg variations , bwv 988 is a work for keyboard by johann sebastian bach . it was written about 1741 . the work consists of an aria and thirty variations . the aria was not original with bach , but was probably based on a now lost french dance tune . the work is believed to have been commissioned by a pupil of bach 's named j. g. goldberg . goldberg was a celebrated virtuoso , and used the work to lull his insomniac employer count keyserkingk to sleep.the basic harmonies and structure of the aria remain consistent from variation to variation . the work ends with a quodlibet , a humorous combination of two popular tunes . john keillor writes , " the work is sublime and compassionate , graceful , warm , and relentlessly intricate , a demonstration of unmatched craft in music history and genuine , poetic imagination . " in modern times , the work is played on both the harpsichord and the piano .
sinodelphys is an extinct mammal from the lower cretaceous . it is a member of the infraclass metatheria , the group which contains modern marsupials.to date , it is the oldest metatherian fossil known , estimated to be 125 million years old . this makes it almost contemporary to the earliest placental fossils , which have been found in the same area.it was discovered and described in 2003 in rocks of the yixian formation in liaoning province , china , by a team of scientists . " sinodelphys szalayi " grew only 15 cm ( 5.9 in ) long and possibly weighed about 30 g ( 1.05 oz ) . its fossilized skeleton is surrounded by impressions of fur and soft tissue . rapid burial followed volcanic events , and the fine sediment preserved details.from its foot structure it is thought that " sinodelphys " was a tree - dweller , like its non-marsupial contemporary " eomaia " and modern opossums such as " didelphis " . " sinodelphys " probably hunted worms and insects.most mesozoic metatherians have been found in north america and asia . most lived during the upper cretaceous between 90 - 65 million years ago .
didik prasetyo , known as didi kempot ( 31 december 1966 – 5 may 2020 ) was an indonesian singer - songwriter and philanthropist . he was born in surakarta , central java.in 1989 he released his debut album . a few years later he had his breakthrough with the singles " stasiun balapan " and " sewu kutho " . he was known as " the godfather of the broken - hearted " . in 2020 , he wrote the song " ojo mudik " and gave a concert livestreame from his house . it raised $ 500,000 for the fight against coronavirus disease 2019 . kempot died of cardiac arrest on 5 may 2020 in surakarta , aged 53 .
nexhmije hoxha ( ; february 8 , 1921 – february 25 , 2020 ) was the widow of albanian communist leader enver hoxha.hoxha was born nexhmije xhuglini in bitolj . she studied at the queen mother pedagogical institute in tirana . after world war ii she married prime minister and communist party leader enver hoxha.after her husband died in 1985 , nexhmije hoxha was elected chairwoman of the democratic front . she was forced to resign as chairwoman of the democratic front in december 1990 , and was replaced by prime minister adil çarçani . she was arrested and sentenced to prison for misuse of albanian government funds during her husband 's regime , but later released.hoxha died on february 25 , 2020 at her home in tirana , albania at the age of 99 .
barabbas is a person from the bible who lived around the time of jesus ( 33 ad ) . he has a bad reputation for being a liar , thief , insurrectionist and zealot . he was released by pontius pilate the roman governor of judea who presided over jesus ' trial . the most notable thing about barabbas is that this name was his surname ( last name ) , but his first name was also jesus . so when pilate — who was warned by his wife to leave this holy man alone — offered to set free one of the prisoners , he was offering the crowd in jerusalem two jesuses to choose from : jesus barabbas or jesus of nazareth . pilate released barabbas and ordered jesus , " king of the jews " , to be crucified .
martin plissner ( 1926 – february 6 , 2014 ) was an american political commentator . he worked for cbs news from 1964 until his retirement in 1996 . he first began his job during the united states presidential election , 1964 during robert f. kennedy 's campaign . he was known for first using the phrase " too close to call " . plissner was born in 1926 in brooklyn , new york city . he studied at yale university . plissner served in the united states navy during world war ii . he was married to susan morrison until his death . they had two daughters . he had one son from a last marriage . plissner lived in washington , d.c. . plissner died on february 6 , 2014 in washington , d.c. from lung cancer , aged 87 .
tim robinson ( 26 march 1935 – 3 april 2020 ) was an english writer and cartographer . he was born in yorkshire , england . robinson made maps of the aran islands , connemara , and the burren in county clare ; these were published by folding landscape . his two - volume study of the aran islands , " stones of aran " , had good reviews of topographical and culture lore.his most recent work was the publication of a three - volume study of connemara called " listening to the wind " , " a little gaelic kingdom " , and " the last pool of darkness " . he was a member of the irish arts organisation aosdána.robinson won two irish book awards : the 2007 argosy irish non-fiction book of the year for " connemara : listening to the wind " and the 2011 international education services best irish - published book of the year for " connemara : a little gaelic kingdom " . robinson died at a hospital in london on 3 april 2020 at the age of 85 of covid - 19 during the pandemic , aged 85 . robinson died two weeks after the death of his wife and collaborator mairéad robinson .
the peso is the monetary unit ( coin ) of some spanish - speaking countries . they were once spanish colonies . they include argentina , chile , colombia , cuba , dominican republic , mexico , philippines , and uruguay.the word means ' weight ' in spanish , or more loosely ' pound ' . it was a coin that originated in habsburg spain . also called spanish dollar , it became an important international currency . spain brought it to its colonies and minted many pesos in mexico and peru . later , spain stopped using this name , but some of the former colonies still use it.historically , the " peso " was eight " reales " , the " real de a ocho " . this translates to the well - known english term " pieces of eight " . it is known in many countries as the " thaler " or " spanish dollar " . it was used as the model for the original united states dollar and many other coins which were also minted in silver .
edward abbey was a writer . he was born in the state of pennsylvania in the united states in 1927 . he grew up in pennsylvania , in a small town in the mountains near the city of pittsburgh . he later moved to the american southwest and wrote several books . he spent most of his adult life in the states of new mexico , arizona , and utah . most of his books are about the southwest . he died in 1989 . during world war ii , he was in high school . he took a trip hitchhiking to see the american west . during his trip through arizona and new mexico , he fell in love with the southwest . he enlisted near the end of world war ii and was stationed in italy as a military policeman . when he came back to the united states , he moved to new mexico and got a college degree . then he started writing books.his first book was called " jonathan troy " . it did not sell well and edward abbey did not like it very much , and it was taken out of print . his second book was " the brave cowboy " . this book sold better and made him known as a writer of western fiction . it was also made into a movie called " lonely are the brave " . " fire on the mountain " was his third book . " the brave cowboy " and " fire on the mountain " are about cowboys who loved the old american west and did not like it becoming modernized.he moved to new jersey for a short time but did not like it , and moved back to the southwest . he took a job as a park ranger in utah . he wrote about his job as a park ranger in his fourth book , " desert solitaire " . " desert solitaire " became a bestseller and made him a popular nature writer . he also took other jobs in the southwest . he worked as a fire lookout at the grand canyon in arizona , and as a park ranger in other national parks.after " desert solitaire " became a bestseller , he wrote several books of nature essays . some of these include " the journey home " , " abbey 's road " , " down the river " , " beyond the wall " , and " one life at a time , please " . he also kept writing novels . his next novel was " black sun " , which is about a fire lookout at the grand canyon falling in love but then seeing his girlfriend disappear . his next novel after that was " the monkey wrench gang " . this was his most controversial novel because it was about four people using sabotage to stop development in the southwest . he also wrote a science fiction novel called " good news " . his last two novels were " the fool 's progress " and " hayduke lives " . " the fool 's progress " is a long novel that is based on edward abbey 's own life . " hayduke lives " is a sequel to " the monkey wrench gang " . he died in 1989 and was buried in the desert in arizona .
the desert tree frog ( " litoria rubella " ) is a frog from papua new guinea , indonesia and northern australia.the male adult frogs is about 3.1 to 3.5 cm long and females are 3.3 to 3.7 cm long . they are light brown in color with darker brown spots and a dark brown stripe down each side of its body . they have yellow colouring on their legs.this frog lives in many different kinds of places , for example swamps and streams and ditches . it often lives near human houses , where it can climb into pipes.they lay eggs on the surface of non-moving water , 30 – 300 eggs at a time . the tadpoles become frogs in two weeks .
iraqi airways is the flag carrier of the iraq . it began in 1945 . it 's first flight was to syria in january 1946 . it bought its first jet aircraft in the 1960s . they allowed the airline to add flights to cities in the middle east , asia and europe . during the 1970s , it began its first flight to john f. kennedy international airport in new york city . in 1991 , when iraq invaded kuwait , all of its planes were grounded by the united nations . a few years later , they allowed the airline to operate a few domestic flights . the airline was allowed to resume international flights 12 years later on may 30 , 2003 , after the war in iraq ended . in 2015 , the european union banned the airline from flying there .
midlands could be in general the central region of any territory . in britain and ireland , the term is reseved for the " middle " in the north - south ( " vertical " ) direction ( countries that are oriented more east - west use " mid " with a " horizontal " meaning . ) in the united kingdom , scotland and england both have midland areas that are famous enough to be called the " midlands " ( as a name , not just as a description ) . in wales the term for the central region is " mid wales " ( not " the welsh midlands " ) . the rest of this article deals with the english region known simply as the midlands , which is more or less the territory of the early - medieval kingdom of mercia.the area lies between southern england , northern england , east anglia and wales , and includes the counties of derbyshire , herefordshire , leicestershire , lincolnshire , northamptonshire , nottinghamshire , rutland , shropshire , staffordshire , warwickshire , the west midlands and worcestershire . the 2001 census also included norfolk , suffolk and cambridgeshire in the midlands but these are not generally considered to be part of the midlands but east anglia.there are two administrative regions of england in the midlands : west midlands and east midlands . taken together , these regions do not fully cover the traditional midlands : the " midland " status of cheshire is often debated . south cheshire has strong links with north staffordshire ( definitely in the midlands ) , and north cheshire with merseyside and manchester ( both definitely in northern england ) . officially cheshire is now part of the north west region.the largest midlands conurbation , which includes the cities of birmingham and wolverhampton , is approximately covered by a metropolitan county ( which also includes coventry ) also called the west midlands . thus , there are two west midlands , a region and a ( smaller ) county.parts of the east midlands are also densely populated , particularly the triangle formed by the cities of leicester , nottingham and derby.the south midlands have an own government for development . they include northamptonshire and bedfordshire with northern buckinghamshire . in other context buckinghamshire and bedfordshire are not considered part of the midlands . they are in the administrative regions of the south east and the east of england .
charles elmer " rip " taylor , jr. ( january 13 , 1931 – october 6 , 2019 ) was an american movie , television , stage , voice , radio actor , activist , entertainer , and comedian who was known for his roles in " indecent proposal " , " " , " " , " thing are tough all over again " , " jackass " , and in " alex & emma " . he also hosted a beauty pageant show " the $ 1.98 beauty show " from 1978 to 1980 . taylor was born on january 13 , 1934 in washington , d.c. . he was inspired by groucho marx , charlie chaplin , redd foxx , and mickey rooney . he inspired dana snyder . he was openly gay . taylor died of congestive heart failure at a hospital in beverly hills , california on october 6 , 2019 at the age of 84 . a week before his death , he had a seizure .
caliban is the second biggest retrograde non-spherical moon of uranus.caliban was found on 1997-09-06 by brett j. gladman , philip d. nicholson , joseph a. burns , and john j. kavelaars using the 200 - inch hale telescope together with sycorax and given the designation s / 1997 u 1 . designated uranus xvi it was named after the monster fictional character in william shakespeare 's play " the tempest " . the orbital parameters suggest that it may belong , together with stephano to the same dynamic cluster , suggesting common origin.the diameter is estimated at 72 km ( assuming albedo of 0.04 ) , making it the second biggest non-spherical moon of uranus , half the size of sycorax , the biggest non-spherical moon of uranus.the light curve suggests caliban 's rotation period is 2.7 hours .
leo keith thorsness ( february 14 , 1932 – may 2 , 2017 ) was an american colonel in the united states air force and politician . he was born in walnut grove , minnesota.thorsness received the medal of honor for his actions in the vietnam war . he was awarded the medal for an air engagement on april 19 , 1967 . he was shot down two weeks later and spent six years in captivity in north vietnam as a prisoner of war with future united states senator john mccain . after his military service , thorsness served one term in the washington state senate from 1988 through 1992 after beating the current state senator eugene v. lux . he was a republican.in 1974 , thorsness ran for the united states senate in south dakota , but lost the general election to george mcgovern.thorsness died on may 2 , 2017 in st. augustine , florida from leukemia at the age of 85 .
ram nath kovind ( born 1 october 1945 ) is an indian politician . kovind is the 14th president of india upon winning the 2017 presidential election in july 2017 . kovind is the second president to have been a dalit leader and member of the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) . he was governor of bihar from 2015 to 2017 . he served as member of parliament from 1994 through 2006 . ram nath kovind is also prez candidate of nda.in june 2017 , he won the nomination of the bharatiya janata party for president of india in the 2017 indian presidential election . after winning the nomination , he resigned from his post as governor of bihar , and president of india pranab mukherjee accepted his resignation on 20 june 2017 . according to polling after voting was closed on 17 july 2017 , kovind was expected to win the presidency with a voting outcome of 99 % . kovind was declared as the winner after the counting of votes held on 20 july 2017 .
the tarsal formula is the number of segments on the tarsi of arthropods . the tarsus is the bottom part of an arthropod 's legs , see diagram.the formula has 3 numbers a-b-c , starting with the front leg ( a ) , then the middle leg ( b ) , then the hind leg ( c ) . for example , a tarsal formula of " 5 -5-4 " means there are 5 segments in the fore leg 's tarsi , 5 segments in the middle leg 's tarsi , and 4 segments in the hind leg 's tarsi . this character is especially useful at family rank and higher.the characteristic is useful when identifying insects .
skippy the bush kangaroo was an australian television series for children . it was created by john mccallum . it was made from 1966 – 1968 . the show tells the adventures of a young boy and his intelligent pet kangaroo . it happens in the ( fictional ) waratah national park in duffys forest , near sydney , new south wales.ninety - one 30 - minute episodes were made over the three seasons of production . at the time of first screening , australian television was still in black and white . the show was filmed in colour to get more international sales , especially in the united states and canada . it aired there between 1969 and 1972 . the nine network repeated the series several times after australian television became colour in 1975 . the programme was played in mexico , cuba , spain , czechoslovakia , and iran .
binoculars are a kind of tool that lets people see far - away things more clearly , using a technology called optics . they are made of a pair of matched telescopes that are held in front of the user 's eyes.the two telescopes have lenses that focus light and magnify the image , a process called magnification . this way , when someone looks through the binoculars at a far - away object , it looks much closer.early binoculars had two galilean telescopes without prisms . modern ones have prisms inside , which fold the light path to shorten the length of the tubes . that is why a binocular is shorter than standard telescopes of similar power.binoculars were invented in the 17th century . they allow a telescope user to use both eyes . the royal navy used single telescopes , but now all ships have heavy binoculars . heavy ones can be mounted on swivels to scan the horizon . binoculars are also standard issue in all armies . night vision binoculars use photocathode electronics to intensify the image.binoculars are also used for theatre ( opera glasses ) , birdwatching amateur astronomy and watching scenery .
the virgin birth of jesus is a belief held by christians and muslims . it says that mary , jesus ' mother , was a virgin even after she became pregnant with jesus . by the 2nd century , most people in the christian church believed this . the idea of the virgin birth was included in the two most common christian creeds , the nicene creed and the apostles ' creed . the nicene creed says that jesus " was incarnate of the holy spirit and the virgin mary " ( meaning that jesus was god in human form , and was born to the virgin mary ) . the apostles ' creed also says that jesus was " born of the virgin mary . " the belief was not challenged , except by some sects which were not very important , before the enlightenment theology of the eighteenth century.the gospels of matthew and luke say that mary was a virgin and that jesus was created by the holy spirit . these gospels started the belief that jesus ' creation was a miracle . this belief , which is now common in christianity , says that jesus had no natural father ; no sexual intercourse and no male seed was involved in creating him . the gospel of matthew also says that the virgin birth of jesus fulfills a prophecy from the book of isaiah.since the second century , the roman catholic church and the eastern orthodox church have taught that mary gave birth as a virgin ( meaning she stayed a " virgo intacta " - an " intact virgin " - even after giving birth ) . the virgin birth of jesus is also part of islam . the qur ' an often describes jesus as " jesus , son of mary " ( " isa bin maryam " ) .
eye contact occurs when " two people look at each other 's eyes at the same time " . eye contact is a form of nonverbal communication . it is a meaningful sign of social communication , but exactly what it means depends on the situation . the customs and significance of eye contact vary widely between cultures , with religious and social differences often altering its meaning greatly.eye contact and facial expressions give social and emotional information . people , perhaps without consciously doing so , probe each other 's eyes and faces for positive or negative mood signs . sometimes , the meeting of eyes arouses strong emotions.eye contact is also an important element in flirting , where it may serve to establish and gauge the other 's interest in some situations .
jurjen jacob ( jurrie ) koolhof ( 10 january 1960 – 28 january 2019 ) was a dutch international football striker and manager . koolhof had a long and productive career , with 190 league goals . he was born in beerta , netherlands.he played for a number of clubs in the netherlands including vitesse arnhem , f.c . groningen and psv eindhoven . koolhof was the father of de graafschap player dean koolhof , and tennis pro wesley koolhof.koolhof died on 28 january 2019 from a long - illness in duiven at the age of 59 .
the apgar score is used in medicine . it is a quick way of measuring how healthy a newborn baby is.virginia apgar invented the apgar score in 1952 . she was an anesthesiologist , and created the score to measure how babies were affected by anesthesia given to their mothers during childbirth.today , the apgar score is very commonly used by doctors , nurses , midwives , emergency medical technicians ( emts ) , and other medical professionals . one of the reasons it is so popular is that doing an apgar test is very quick . it usually takes less than a minute , sometimes just seconds.when an apgar test is done , five simple things about the newborn baby are checked . the newborn gets a score of 0 , 1 , or 2 on each of these give things . the scores are added up , and the total is the newborn 's apgar score . " apgar " is the name of the woman who invented the apgar scale . but " apgar " is also a backronym that stands for the things the apgar scale checks . these are appearance , pulse , grimace , activity , and respiration .
patrick fain dye ( november 6 , 1939 – june 1 , 2020 ) was an american football player , coach , writer and college athletics administrator . he was the head football coach at east carolina university ( 1974 – 1979 ) , the university of wyoming ( 1980 ) , and auburn university ( 1981 – 1992 ) . he was the athletic director at auburn from 1981 to 1991 . from 1961 to 1962 , he played for the edmonton eskimos.he was added into the college football hall of fame as a coach in 2005 . on november 19 , 2005 the playing field in the stadium at auburn university was named ' pat dye field ' in his honor.dye was born in blythe , georgia . he studied at the university of georgia . dye wrote two autobiographies and a children 's book . he lived in auburn , alabama.on may 21 , 2020 dye was hospitalized in atlanta for kidney - related problems . he was later diagnosed with covid - 19 . he died under hospice care of liver failure and kidney failure in auburn on june 1 , 2020 at the age of 80 .
gangwon - do is a province of south korea . the capital is chuncheon . before korea was divided in 1945 , gangwon and its north korean half kangwŏn were a single province . gangwon - do is in the northeastern corner of south korea . on the north it borders north korea . it has a long coast along the sea of japan to the east . on the west it borders gyeonggi - do . this is the province with the largest population in south korea . in contrast most of gangwon - do is made up of mountains and forests . the mountains get a good deal of snow in the winter . they are home to a number of popular ski resorts.gangwon - do has two islands , ulleungdo and dokdo . japan and south korea have had a long dispute over which country owns dokdo ( which japan calls takeshima ) . about 37 south korean police guard the island and the waters around them.the 2018 winter olympics are scheduled to take place in gangwon province . pyeongchang , gangneung , and jeongseon will host the events .
a couch , sofa or settee is a kind of furniture that is designed to seat more than one person . it usually has a place to rest your arm on each side . couches are normally found in the living room or in front of the tv.in the 17th and 18th centuries , a couch was thought as a long , upward seat for resting on . one end would slope up high enough to provide a place for the head to rest.some late 18th - century kinds of couches had an arm running partly down one side , and this type continued to be made in england . in greek places , there were flowing designs with all kind of elegant colors . many of them had scrolled ends and short legs . the couch was later taken over by the overstuffed sofa during the victorian age .
neeraj vora ( 22 january 1963 – 14 december 2017 ) was an indian movie director , screenwriter , actor and producer . he first became known in bollywood for being a writer of aamir khan 's movie " rangeela " ( 1995 ) . he then went on to direct his own movies , including " khiladi 420 " ( 2000 ) , " phir hera pheri " ( 2006 ) and " shortkut " ( 2009 ) . he was born in bhuj , gujarat.in october 2016 , vora went into a coma after having a heart attack and a stroke . he died on 14 december 2017 in mumbai , at the age of 54 .
the virginia plan was a proposal made by virginia delegates at the constitutional convention of 1787 . james madison drafted the plan for a government with 3 subdivisions , or branches that would be equal in power . it also proposed states with large populations have more representatives . states with small populations would have fewer representatives . the plan called for a congress with new powers to tax and make laws . it also proposed a president and a supreme court . ultimately , this created a strong central government seperated into three branches . the resolutions went well beyond making minor changes to the articles of confederation . it succeeded in expanding the debate to include basic changes to the structure and powers of the national government.later on , the virginia plan was modified and accepted as the united states constitution .
tumblr is a blogging site that began in new york city in 2007 by founders david karp and marco arment . the site allows users to post text , images , videos , links , quotes and audio to a short - form blog , called a tumbleblog . users can follow other users , or choose to make their tumblelog private . tumblr emphasizes ease of use . the site has roughly 91.7 million posts a day and gains about 15,000 new users on a day on average . in 2013 , yahoo bought tumblr for $ 1.1 billion . after the sale to yahoo , david karp remained as ceo.it is the 25th most popular website in the world.famous people with tumblr accounts include president obama , beyoncé , and lady gaga .
control engineering is the engineering field that focuses on mathematical modeling of dynamical systems , and uses control theory to create controllers that cause the systems to behave in some desired manner . modern control engineering is closely related to electrical , electronic , and computer engineering . as engineering continues to develop , control engineering is often wanted.in most cases , control engineers make use of feedback when designing control systems . for example , in an automobile with sail control , the machine 's speed is continuously checked and fed back to the system , which then adjusts the motor 's spin power on the fly . recently , control systems are also used in nanotechnology . in chemical engineering , control engineering is known as process control . many advancements in science , finance , and even human action , can be attributed to control engineering.many control systems rely on feedback . however , there are also control systems that work without feedback . such a system is known as an open - loop control . an open - loop controller , also called a non-feedback controller , relies only on the model and the input signal fed to the system . an example of open - loop control can be found in washing machines , which work by running pre-programmed cycles but , importantly , do not rely on any measurements of the speed of the barrel or water volume to adjust the machine on the fly .
a cave is a natural underground hollow space . they can have narrow passageways ( corridors ) and chambers ( caverns ) . they are usually formed when underground acidic ( sour ) water wears away softer stones , such as limestone . only the hard rock , such as granite , is left . caves can also be formed during natural catastrophes , such as earthquakes , or by ice and glaciers.caves can have formations in them such as stalagmites and stalactites . these are made over thousands of years by water dripping and leaving mineral deposits.many creatures live in the entrance areas of caves , for example snakes , mice , spiders & porcupines . only a few animals are found deep in caves . bats often live in caves . another common creature found in caves is cave crickets.in the past , people lived in caves . people used to live in many european caves in the stone age . caves still provide shelter for trekkers . some caves have beautiful paintings on the walls.people who explore caves are called cavers or speleologists . ( the study of caves is called speleology . ) they go into caves for fun , exercise and to see the different formations . this can be a dangerous sport because caves sometimes have deep holes . cavers also have to climb and crawl through the passages . cavers usually go into caves with four or more people . each person has 2 or 3 light sources . one light is attached to each helmet . people go into caves to try and explore more about the world .
a plantation is a large farm which is specialized on farming one type of crop . plantations grow cash crops , mostly for export , and less for local use . crops grown on plantations include banana , sugarcane , coffee , tea , cotton and tobacco.some of the problems with plantations come from the fact that they are monocultures , that is there is only one kind of crop that is grown there . this makes them vulnerable to pests , for example.among the earliest examples of plantations were the latifundia of the roman empire . they produced large quantities of wine and olive oil for export . plantation agriculture grew rapidly with the increase in international trade and the relative decline of subsistence farming . like every economic activity , it has changed over time . earlier forms of plantation agriculture were associated with large disparities of wealth and income , foreign ownership and political influence , and exploitative social systems such as indentured labor and slavery .
james thurman butts jr. ( born august 1 , 1953 ) is an american politician . he is currently serving as the mayor of inglewood , california . he started out in law enforcement in inglewood during the 1970s and 1980s and later became a captain . he worked as chief of police in santa monica , california from 1991 to 2006 . after that , in 2006 , he worked in public safety with los angeles world airports . in 2010 he was elected mayor of inglewood . in 2014 he was re-elected with an 84 % vote . he led efforts to renovate and reopen the sports stadium the forum in inglewood . he also worked to develop a plan for a new nfl stadium in inglewood . butts holds an mba degree from california state polytechnic university , pomona . he also holds a bachelor of science from california state university , los angeles .
coventry cathedral , also known as st. michael 's cathedral , is an anglican cathedral . it is in coventry , west midlands , england.in fact , the city has three cathedrals . the first was st. mary 's , a monastic building , only a few ruins of which remain . the second was st michael 's , a 14th - century gothic cathedral , which was largely destroyed by a bombing raid in the second world war . the cathedral was bombed on 14 november 1940 by the german luftwaffe , which destroyed much of central coventry . nails found in the ruins were formed into a cross and consecrated in the kaiser wilhelm gedächtniskirche in berlin.the third cathedral is the new st michael 's cathedral , built to replace the bombed cathedral . it is an important example of 20th century architecture.the cathedral is the seat of the bishop of coventry . the right reverend dr. christopher cocksworth is the current bishop of coventry . he is the 9th bishop of coventry .
ig field , which used to be called the investors group field , is a football stadium in winnipeg , manitoba , canada . it opened in 2013 . it is located on the university of manitoba campus next to university stadium . ig field is owned by triple b stadium inc. , a group which includes the city of winnipeg , the province of manitoba , the winnipeg football club and the university of manitoba . the stadium is home to the winnipeg blue bombers ( canadian football league ) , valour fc ( canadian premier league ) , the university of manitoba bisons football team , and the winnipeg rifles ( cjfl ) . the stadium can hold 33,500 people , and is partially covered . it has a corrugated metal roof , restaurant , 52 suites , walk of fame and other amenities .
chaim yisroel belsky ( august 22 , 1938 – january 28 , 2016 ) was an american rabbi and posek of orthodox and haredi judaism . he was one of the roshei yeshivas at yeshiva torah vodaas , and rabbi of the summer camp network run by agudath israel of america . he was born in brooklyn , new york.belsky was criticized by other rabbis for his repeated defense of sexual abusers . some have claimed that he intimidated victims of abuse . belsky has publicly stated that victims should not report their rape to the police.belsky was taken to hospital on january 22 , 2016 in brooklyn . he had a " serious illness " . he died eight days later on january 30 , at the age of 77 .
leslie david reed ( 24 july 1935 – 15 april 2019 ) was an english songwriter , arranger , musician and light orchestra leader . he was best known writing for the tom jones songs " it 's not unusual " and " delilah " , and the engelbert humperdinck song " the last waltz " . his main songwriter partners were gordon mills , barry mason and geoff stephens . however , he also wrote songs with roger greenaway , roger cook , and johnny worth . he won many gold discs and ivor novello awards . reed also conducted his own band , the les reed orchestra.reed was born in woking , surrey . he died on 15 april 2019 at the age of 83 .
the detroit pistons are a team of the national basketball association . while billed as a detroit team , its home arena has been the palace of auburn hills , located in the northern suburb of auburn hills , michigan , from 1988 from 2018 . the pistons will move to the city of detroit for the 2017 – 18 season , sharing the new little caesars arena with the detroit red wings of the nhl . in 1948 , the team was in fort wayne , indiana , but that was before moving to detroit in 1957 . the team has won nba championships in 1989 , 1990 , and 2004 . their head coach is john kuester , they are owned by tom gores and their general manager is joe dumars .
fazal hayat ( 1974 – 14 june 2018 ) , more commonly known by his pseudonym fazlullah ( ) , was a militant . he served as the leader of the tehreek - e-nafaz-e-shariat-e-mohammadi . he was the leader of the tehreek - e-taliban-e-pakistan in swat valley.on 7 november 2013 , he became the emir of the tehrik - i - taliban pakistan , and presided over the descent of the group into factions who are often at war with each other . fazlullah was added to the u.s. state department 's rewards for justice wanted list on march 7 , 2018 . on 14 june 2018 , fazlullah was killed in an american drone strike in kunar province , afghanistan at the age of 43 - 44 .
the salzkammergut is a resort area in austria . it goes from city of salzburg to the dachstein mountain range . the main river of the region is the traun . the name salzkammergut means " estate of the salt chamber " . this is from the imperial salt chamber , the group who ran the precious salt mines in the habsburg empire.with its many lakes and mountains , the salzkammergut has many opportunities for water sports , bathing , hiking , cycling and golf.parts of the area around hallstatt were listed as a world heritage site in 1997 . the world heritage site includes the towns hallstatt , obertraun , gosau and bad goisern .
cherry blossom or sakura ( japanese kanji and chinese character : 桜 or 櫻 ; katakana : サクラ ) are cherry trees , " prunus serrulata " , and their blossoms . the fruit comes from a different species . cherry trees are a symbol of spring for japanese people . the word sakura can also be used as a name for women.the traditional custom of " hanami " or " flower viewing " involves visiting places where sakura are blooming . japanese people love cherry blossoms , but they are not the national flower in japan . someiyoshino is the most famous type of sakura.there are approximately 400 different types of cherry trees . they mutate easily.most of the flowers are white or pink with five petals , but there are some flowers with almost a hundred petals .
margot hielscher ( 29 september 1919 – 20 august 2017 ) was a german singer and actress . she appeared in over fifty movies between and 1939 and 1994 . hielscher was born in berlin . in 1957 , she was chosen to represent germany at the eurovision song contest 1957 with the song " telefon , telefon " " ( telephone , telephone ) " . the song finished fourth out of ten , with eight points.hielscher was chosen again to represent germany at the eurovision song contest 1958 with the song " für zwei groschen musik " " ( music for two pennies ) " . the song finished seventh out of ten , with 5 points.in 1989 , she starred in the tv series " rivalen der rennbahn " . hielscher died in munich on 20 august 2017 , aged 97 .
the house of savoy was the ruling dynasty of the duchy of savoy , then the kingdom of sardinia and later kingdom of italy from 1861 to 1946 . the house of savoy began in switzerland in the middle ages . the savoy rose to power in sicily war of spanish succession then gave up sicily for sardinia in 1720 later adding piedmont to their kingdom.in 1792 they joined the alliance against napoleon bonaparte . they were defeated at first but had their kingdom restored after napoleon was defeated.in 1859 , king victor emmanuel ii led the unification of italy and ruled until 1878 . his grandson victor emmanuel iii came to power in 1900 after king umberto i was assassinated . victor emmanuel iii was king during both world war i and world war ii . he also appointed benito mussolini prime minister in 1922 . after world war ii , public support for the monarchy fell and victor emmanuel iii abdicated in 1946 . his son umberto ii was king for a month before a referendum abolished the monarchy . today the leadership of the house of savoy is contested between victor emmanuel , prince of naples , who is the son on umberto ii , and his cousin prince amedeo , duke of asota.there was also a branch of the family that settled in france they were known as the dukes of nemours and often had close ties with the court of louis xiv .
waterford crystal is a company which makes crystal glass in the city of waterford , ireland . the brand is owned by the fiskars group ltd . the company was started in 1947 in waterford.in january 2009 , the main waterford crystal base was closed due to the lack of funds of waterford wedgwood plc . in june 2010 , waterford crystal relocated to the mall in waterford city centre and the business restarted . this new location is now home to a factory that melts over 750 tons of crystal a year , although most waterford crystal is now produced outside ireland . this new facility offers visitors the opportunity to take guided tours of the factory and also offers a retail store , showcasing the world 's largest collection of waterford crystal .
phil silvers ( philip silver , may 11 , 1911 – november 1 , 1985 ) was an american entertainer , comedian , movie , television , stage , radio , and voice actor who is known for his role as sergeant bilko in " the phil silvers show " . he has won two tony awards and an emmy award.silvers was born on may 11 , 1911 in brooklyn , new york . silver was married to jo - carroll dennison from 1945 until they divorced in 1950 . then he was married to evelyn patrick from 1956 until they divorced in 1966 . silvers had five children with evelyn . silvers died on november 1 , 1985 in century city , california from heart failure , aged 74 .
the camp david accords were a pair of political agreements signed by egyptian president anwar sadat and israeli prime minister menachem begin on 17 september 1978 , following twelve days of secret negotiations at camp david , the country retreat of the president of the united states in maryland.the two framework agreements were signed at the white house and were witnessed by president jimmy carter . the second of these frameworks ( " a framework for the conclusion of a peace treaty between egypt and israel " ) led directly to the 1979 egypt – israel peace treaty.due to the agreement , sadat and begin received the shared 1978 nobel peace prize . the first framework ( " a framework for peace in the middle east " ) , which dealt with the palestinian territories , was written without participation of the palestinians and was condemned by the united nations .
the colony of aden or aden colony ( " " ) was a british crown colony from 1937 to 1963 . it was located in the south of contemporary yemen . it consisted of the port of aden and its surroundings ( an area of ) . before 1937 , aden had been governed as part of british india . under the government of india act 1935 the territory was detached from british india , and was made a separate colony of the united kingdom ; this separation took effect on 1 april 1937 . on 18 january 1963 , the colony was reconstituted as the state of aden ( arabic : ولاية عدن " wilāyat ʿadan " ) within the new federation of south arabia . the federation in turn became the people 's republic of south yemen on 30 november 1967 , marking the end of british rule.the hinterland of the colony of aden was separately governed as the aden protectorate .
david longly bernhardt ( born august 17 , 1969 ) is an american attorney , lobbyist and politician . he is the 53rd and current united states secretary of the interior since 2019 . he was the deputy united states secretary of the interior when ryan zinke was secretary.he began working for the united states department of the interior in 2001 and was the department 's solicitor from 2006 to 2009 , among other roles.on april 28 , 2017 , president donald trump nominated him to be the united states deputy secretary of the interior . he was confirmed by the u.s. senate on july 24 , 2017 . he became acting secretary of the interior on january 2 , 2019 , replacing ryan zinke . in february 2019 , trump nominated bernhardt to serve the position as the permanent secretary . he was confirmed on april 11 , 2019 .
skol is a brand of beer made by the danish company carlsberg group . skol was first brewed in 1959 for european customers . the beer 's name comes from the swedish word " skål " which means " to your health " , a common toast ( a word or phrase said before drinking ) . skol is available in a few different flavors.skol was started in 1964 in europe . it became available in brazil in 1967 . in 1979 , it was one of the first beers to be sold in aluminum cans . as of 2004 , skol was available in more than 20 countries.in 2000 , the first annual skol beats music festival was held in são paulo , brazil . the type of music featured at skol beats is electronic , including trance , techno , electro , drum and bass , house , and breakbeat . skol 's new " beats " beer was revealed at the 2000 festival . beats has a different flavor and alcohol content than the original skol . it is marketed as the beer for people that like parties and excitement.in october of 2006 , the new skol lemon was released . response to skol lemon has been divided . some people really like it and others do not .
the island of hawaiʻi is the largest u.s. hawaiian island , and it is the farthest south . it is also called the " big island . " its area is 4,038 sq . miles ( 10 458 square kilometers ) . the widest part of the island is 93 miles ( 150 km ) across.the big island has more than half ( ~ 62 % ) of the total land area of state of hawaii . it is part of county of hawaii.the island is seven separate shield volcanos that erupted more or less one at a time , one partly covering the other . these are ( from oldest to youngest ) : kohala ( extinct ) , mauna kea ( dormant ) , hualalai ( dormant ) , mauna loa ( active ) , kulani ( extinct , mostly buried ) , and kilauea ( very active ) . the volcanos were caused by the pacific oceanic tectonic plate moving over a hotspot . there lava from the earth 's lower mantle or upper core is close to the surface.the largest city on the island is hilo . hilo has many historic buildings , interesting shops , parks , many performances , festivals and events . it is on the rainy , east side of the island . the city of kailua - kona is on the dry , west side of hawaii , and is popular with tourists .
joseph anthony campanella ( november 21 , 1924 – may 16 , 2018 ) was an american character actor . he appeared in more than two hundred television and movie roles from 1955 to 2009 . he was known for his role as john turino in " the guiding light " . he also starred as harper deveraux on the soap opera " days of our lives " from 1987 to 1988 . campanella voiced the character of dr. curt connors / the lizard on " spider - man : the animated series " ( 1994 – 97 ) . he narrated the " discover " science series on the disney channel from 1992 - 94 . campanella died at the age of 93 on may 16 , 2018 at his home in sherman oaks , los angeles , california of complications from parkinson 's disease .
asociación deportivo cali is a colombian sports club in cali , colombia . it is famous for its football ( soccer ) team . basketball , volleyball and swimming clubs are also sponsored by deportivo cali . deportivo cali is one of the best association football teams in colombia and south america , having won nine national championships in 1965 , 1967 , 1969 , 1970 , 1974 , 1996 , 1998 , 2005 - ii and 2015 - i.estadio deportivo cali is the new stadium for deportivo cali can fit 55,000 people . it is the biggest football stadium in colombia . estadio deportivo cali was officially inaugurated on november 19 , 2008 . the old stadium , estadio olímpico pascual guerrero could fit capacity for 50,000 people.adidas , honda , aguardiente blanco del valle , and tigo ae the four largest sponsors of asociación deportivo cali .
leek is a market town and civil parish in staffordshire , england . it is around 10 miles ( 16 km ) north east of the city of stoke - on - trent . it is near to the border with cheshire.leek is an ancient borough . it was granted its royal charter in the year 1214 . the town is the administrative centre of the staffordshire moorlands district in the north of the county.the town is at a high altitude . most of the town is at or above 600 feet ( 180 m ) . for hundreds of years , leek had a big cattle market . it was a large centre of local farming.leek has a lot of remaining old architecture . many victorian buildings still stand around the town .
johan herbert magnus härenstam ( 19 june 1941 – 13 june 2015 ) , better known as magnus härenstam , was a swedish television host , actor and comedian . he hosted the swedish version of the u.s. game show " jeopardy ! " from 1991 until 2005 before being replaced by adam alsing . he was also known for hosting the children 's television program " fem myror är fler än fyra elefanter " with brasse brännström and eva remaeus from 1973 until 1975 . he also appeared in the comedy movies " sällskapsresan " ( 1980 ) and " göta kanal eller vem drog ur proppen ? " ( 1981 ) . härenstam was born in västervik , kalmar county . his autobiography was released in 2015 , months before his death.härenstam died from spinal cancer on 13 june 2015 in stockholm , aged 73 .
timothy mackenzie gunn ( born july 29 , 1953 ) is an american fashion consultant , television personality , actor , voice actor and author . he served on the faculty of parsons the new school for design from 1982 to 2007 and was chair of fashion design at the school from august 2000 to march 2007 , after which he joined liz claiborne as its chief creative officer . over 16 seasons gunn has become well known as the on - air mentor to designers on the reality television program " project runway " . gunn 's popularity on " project runway " led to two spin - off shows , bravo 's " tim gunn 's guide to style " and lifetime 's " under the gunn " , as well as five books . in addition to being an executive producer , gunn has served as mentor for the teen designers on " " . he also provides the voice of baileywick , the castle steward in the disney junior television show " sofia the first " and narrated the sitcom " mixology " .
louis leo " lou " holtz ( born january 6 , 1937 ) is a retired american football coach , and active sportscaster , author , and motivational speaker.he served as the head football coach at the college of william & mary ( 1969 – 1971 ) , north carolina state university ( 1972 – 1975 ) , the university of arkansas ( 1977 – 1983 ) , the university of minnesota ( 1984 – 1985 ) , the university of notre dame ( 1986 – 1996 ) , and the university of south carolina ( 1999 – 2004 ) . holtz was born in follansbee , west virginia on january 6 , 1937 . he grew up in east liverpool , ohio . holtz studied at kent state university .
achim mentzel ( 15 july 1946 – 4 january 2016 ) was a german musician , television presenter and actor . he was best known for hosting his show " achims hitparade " from 1989 to 2006 . he released 23 singles and seven albums between 1978 and 2010 . he was a member of the cover band , fritzens dampferband ( ) , together with nina hagen . he appeared in the films " the legend of paul and paula " ( 1973 ) and " der wixxer " ( 2004 ) . he also appeared in the television shows " das amt " and " soko leipzig " . mentzel was born in berlin . he was married four times and had eight children.mentzel died on 4 january 2016 in cottbus , brandenburg , aged 69 . it is believed the cause was a heart attack or stroke .
it , also known as pennywise the dancing clown or bob gray , is the title character and main antagonist of stephen king 's 1986 horror novel " it " . the character is a demonic and scary entity that murders or kidnaps the local children of derry , maine about every twenty - seven years , using many powers that include the ability to shapeshift , manipulate , and go unnoticed by adults.king came up with the idea for pennywise after asking himself what scared children " more than anything else in the world " , which he felt was clowns . the character has been described as one of the scariest clowns in popular culture and is a global icon.the character was portrayed by tim curry in the 1990 television adaptation of the same name ; and by bill skarsgård in the 2017 and 2019 movie adaptation .
humayun ahmed ( 13 november 1948 – 19 july 2012 ) was a bangladeshi writer , dramatist and movie director . he was one of the leading bengali language literary person of 20th century . he wrote over 200 fiction and non-fiction books . his first novel was " in blissful hell " . it was published in 1972 . his other notable writings are " shonkhonil karagar " , " josna o jononir golpo " , " kobi " , " moddhanho " , " badshah namdar " and " deyal " . he won bangla academy literary award in 1981 and ekushey padak in 1994 for his contribution to bengali literature.ahmed started making movie in the beginning of 1990s . " aguner parashmoni " ( 1994 ) was his first directed movie . he then made seven more movies . he received six national movie awards in different categories for his movies .
the pelican eel ( " eurypharynx pelecanoides " ) is a deep sea fish . they are rarely seen by humans , although these creatures are sometimes hooked on the nets of fishermen . it is a fish with the shape of an eel.it is the only known species of the genus " eurypharynx " and the family eurypharyngidae . it belongs to the order saccopharyngiformes , which are closely related to the true eels.the pelican eel 's most notable feature is its huge mouth , much larger than its body . they can be opened wide enough to swallow a fish much larger than itself . the pouch - like lower jaw is similar to that of a pelican , hence its name . it is also sometimes referred to as the umbrella mouth gulper . the stomach can stretch and expand to to make room for large meals . the eel uses a long , whip - like tail for movement , and the end of the tail is bright enough to attract prey.the pelican eel feeds primarily on fish , shrimp and plankton . it grows to about 0.61 or 1 m in length and is found in all tropical and subtropical seas at depths ranging from 900 to 8,000 m ( 3,000 to 27,000 feet ) .
messier 32 ( also known as ngc 221 ) is a dwarf " early - type " galaxy about 2.65 million light - years from earth . it is seen in the constellation andromeda.m32 is a satellite galaxy of the large andromeda galaxy ( m31 ) . it was discovered by guillaume le gentil in 1749 . m32 measures 6.5 ± 0.2 thousand light - years in diameter at the widest point.the galaxy is a compact elliptical galaxy type . compact ellipticals are rather rare.half the stars are inside an effective radius of only 100 parsecs.densities in the central area increase steeply , over 3 × 10 m pc as seen by the hst . the half - light radius of this central star cluster is around 6 parsec . in other words , this small centre of the galaxy emits half the light of the central 100 parsecs.like more ordinary elliptical galaxies , m32 contains mostly older faint red and yellow stars with practically no dust or gas and consequently no current star formation . it does , however , show hints of star formation in the relatively recent past.m32 contains a supermassive black hole.its mass is between 1.5 and 5 million solar masses .
the british indian army , officially called simply the indian army ( ia ) , was the army in british india during british rule ( 1858 – 1947 ) . the indian army served as a security force in india itself and fought in battles overseas , particularly during the two world wars.the term " indian army " was used to describe the presidency armies , especially after the indian mutiny . however , the first army officially called the " indian army " was raised by the government of india in 1895 . in 1903 the indian army absorbed the three presidency armies ( the bengal army , the madras army and the bombay army ) . between 1903 and 1947 the army of india consisted of two separate parts : the indian army and the british army in india . the first consisted of indian army regiments from india , while the second were british army regiments from the united kingdom which were sent to india.the army of india defeated the ottoman empire and conquered iraq in the mesopotamian campaign of world war i .
the ruble or rouble is ( or was ) a currency unit of some countries in eastern europe . originally , the ruble was the currency unit of imperial russia and then the soviet union ( as the soviet ruble ) . it is currently the currency unit of russia ( as the russian ruble ] ] and belarus ( as the belarussian ruble ) . the russian ruble is also used in abkhazia and south ossetia.in the past , several other countries influenced by russia and the soviet union had currency units that were also named rubles . one ruble is divided into 100 kopeks , and 100 rubles make a palochka .
ivan john clark ( born 1 november 1932 ) is an english actor , director , producer and playwright . he was born in london.clark is probably best known for his role as just william in theatre and radio in the late 1940s and as the former husband of actress lynn redgrave , to whom he was married for 33 years.however , he is best known as a stage actor and director after moving to the united states in 1960 , and became known for his theatrical directorship of plays featuring redgrave in the 1970s such as " a better place " at dublin 's gate theatre ( 1973 ) , " the two of us " ( 1975 ) , " saint joan " ( 1977 – 78 ) , and a tour of " california suite " ( 1976 ) . in 1981 , he co-directed the cbs television series " house calls " , which redgrave starred in alongside wayne rogers .
john allen astin ( born march 30 , 1930 ) is an american movie , television , stage , voice , and radio actor . he has acted in many movies and television shows . he is best known for his role as gomez addams in " the addams family " , his role in " evil roy slade " , and other comedic characters.astin was born on march 30 , 1930 in baltimore , maryland . he studied at washington & jefferson college and at johns hopkins university.astin was married to suzanne hahn from 1956 until they divorced in 1972 . he was married to patty duke from 1972 to 1985 . he married valeri ann sandobal in 1989 . astin had five sons ; three by hahn ( david , allen , and tom ) , one by duke ( mackenzie ) and one adopted by astin and duke ( sean ) . astin lives in baltimore , maryland .
nico ( born christa päffgen ; 16 october 1938 – 18 july 1988 ) was a german singer , songwriter , actress , and warhol superstar . she is featured on the first album by the new york rock band the velvet underground , " the velvet underground & nico " . she was born in cologne . she grew up in brandenburg and berlin.she made seven studio albums.she died on holiday in the spanish island of ibiza , of a cerebral hemorrhage while riding her bicycle.nico was born christa päffgen . when she was 16 the photographer herbert tobias gave her the name nico . nico moved to paris and began working for vogue , tempo , vie nuove , mascotte spettacolo , camera , elle , and other fashion magazines .
the orthomyxoviridae ( " orthos " , greek for " straight " ; " myxa " , greek for " mucus " ) are a family of rna viruses . they include five genera : influenzavirus a , influenzavirus b , influenzavirus c , thogotovirus and isavirus . the first three genera contain viruses that cause influenza in vertebrates , including birds ( see also avian influenza ) , humans , and other mammals . isaviruses infect salmon ; thogotoviruses infect vertebrates and invertebrates , such as mosquitoes and sea lice.the three genera of influenzavirus can be told apart by the structure of their proteins . they infect vertebrates , as follows :
maximilian maria kolbe ( originally christened raymund ) ( 1894 - 1941 ) is a catholic saint . he was a polish franciscan who worked in poland and nagasaki , japan . he died in auschwitz because he wanted to save another prisoner . maximilian saved the life of that prisoner . maximilian is remembered on august 14 , the date of his death . the first - class relics of st maximilian kolbe are preserved and distributed by the friary of niepokalanów , establish by st maximilian in poland.kolbe was smuggled to a prison hospital to try to stop beatings and lashings as part of being a priest . one day three prisoners disappeared from the camp and then the deputy camp commander decided to choose ten men at random to be starved to death to prevent any more escapes.one of the men , franciszek gajowniczek , cried out , " my wife ! my children ! " when kolbe heard this he volunteered to take his place.after two weeks of starvation and dehydration kolbe was the only one of ten men that was still alive . he was always standing or kneeling in the middle of the cell looking very calm whenever the guards arrived . the guards then decided to give a lethal injection as he was still alive . kolbe then raised his arm and waited for this deadly injection .
jacob " jack " kevorkian ( may 26 , 1928 – june 3 , 2011 ) , mostly known as " dr. death " , was an american pathologist , euthanasia activist , painter , author , composer and instrumentalist . he is best known for publicly championing a terminal patient 's right to die via physician - assisted suicide ; he claimed to have helped at least 130 patients to that end . he famously said , " dying is not a crime " . he was convicted of murder in 1999 and sent to prison . he was released in 2007 . kevorkian was born on may 26 , 1928 in pontiac , michigan . he was of armenian descent . kevorkian studied at university of michigan medical school . he never married and had no children . kevorkian died on june 3 , 2011 in royal oak , michigan from thrombosis , aged 83 . he was buried in white chapel memorial park cemetery in troy , michigan .
worms ( pronounced / voɐms / ) is a city in southwestern germany in the federal state of rhineland - palatinate ( rheinland - pfalz ) . it lies on the river rhine . worms is famous for its local liebfraumilch wine . it is an industrial center , producing chemicals and metal goods . at the end of 2004 , it had 85,829 inhabitants.along with cologne and trier , worms is one the oldest cities in germany . but , there is a disagreement which of the three is actually the oldest . the town is mentioned in the " nibelungenlied " , an old germanic saga . the town was also very important because of martin luther who defended his case against the emperor charles v in worms.the cathedral of saint peter is a very large church in the town . it is one of only three romanesque cathedrals in germany . the other two are in mainz and speyer . the worms cathedral is one of the most important romanesque buildings in germany .
equivalent weight in chemistry is also known as gram equivalent . it is the mass of a given substance which will combine with or displace a fixed quantity of another substance.the equivalent weight of an element is the mass which combines with or displaces 1.008 gram of hydrogen or 8.0 grams of oxygen or 35.5 grams of chlorine . these values are the atomic weight divided by the usual valence . for oxygen , as an example , that is 16.0 g / 2 . equivalent weight has the dimensions and units of mass , unlike atomic weight , which is dimensionless . the equivalent weight of a compound can be got by dividing the molecular weight by the number of positive or negative electrical charges carried by its ions ( which result from dissolving the compound ) .
pierre - luc gagnon , sometimes known as plg for short ( born may 2 , 1980 in boucherville , montreal ) is a canadian professional skateboarder . he is currently sponsored by osiris , darkstar , electric , rds , skullcandy , capix , boost mobile and monster energy drink . he has competed in five x games where he won fifteen medals , four of them being gold.at 32 years old , pierre - luc gagnon is a successful skateboarder and well - known in his discipline . he has won eight gold medals at the x-games competition.gagnon found his passion at the age of nine years old . he asked his father to buy his first skateboard . when he got it , he started to visit the local planchodrome intensively . but during the winter in quebec , it is harder to find a place to practice this sport . with a group , they decided to rent a localation where they put some ramps.in 1992 , his father , who is a physical education teacher , convinced the city of boucherville to open an indoor skate park . after this , he practiced his sport each day after school for six years and gained skills.in 1996 , he tries his luck during a competition ( vans amateur series ) which accompanies a musical tour everywhere in north america . the winner of each city is allowed to go to los angeles for the big final . gagnon won the whole competition and had his first contract with vans . he started his professional career by doing demonstration with the team and competition.but in 2000 , he decided to move to california where the sport is more important and he could do it all year long . there is also more competition in california . since he moved there , he has competed in brazil , china and switzerland . for him , skateboarding is not just a sport ; it is a kind of art . it is a way of expressing himself , being original and unique . it is not a traditional sport where everybody executes the same tricks . a skateboarder needs to develop a unique style almost like an artist.pierre - luc gagnon said that skateboarding helps kids to use their imagination for trying new things . he fell in love with skateboarding when he started and he never stops . he started to go to the skate park each day after school at the age of nine , and now he practices it six days a week three hours by day .
lisa eva nandy ( born 9 august 1979 ) is a british labour party politician . she has been member of parliament ( mp ) for wigan since 2010 . she was shadow secretary of state for energy and climate change from september 2015 until june 2016 . she became the shadow secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs on 5 april 2020 . nandy ran in the 2020 labour party leadership election . out of three candidates she came in third place and received 79,597 votes , representing 16.2 % of the total vote.a day after the 2020 labour party leadership election on 5 april 2020 , the winning candidate , keir starmer , appointed nandy in the shadow cabinet in the role of shadow secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs .
thomas " tom " pevsner ( 2 october 1926 – 19 august 2014 ) was a british assistant movie director and producer . his career lasted from 1953 until 1995 . his best known movies were " the ladykillers " ( 1955 ) , " the longest day " ( 1962 ) and " the private life of sherlock holmes " ( 1970 ) and " dracula " ( 1979 ) . he also worked on anumber of " james bond " movies between 1981 and 1995 . pevsner was born in dresden , saxony . his father was the scholar nikolaus pevsner . because they were of jewish descent the pevsner family fled to the united kingdom in 1933 . pevsner died on 19 august 2014 in london , aged 87 .
greifswald is officially known as " universitäts - und hansestadt greifswald " , which means " university and hanseatic town of greifswald " ( from german " greif " , " griffin " , and " wald " , " forest " ) . it is a town in northeastern germany.the town is on the baltic sea , about to the north of berlin in the state of mecklenburg - western pomerania . the population is roughly 55,000 , including about 11,500 students and some 5,000 employees of the university of greifswald.till september 4 , 2011 greifswald was a urban district .
thomas patten stafford ( born september 17 , 1930 ; lt gen , usaf , ret . ) is an american former air force officer , test pilot , and nasa astronaut.stafford commissioned in the united states air force , flying the f - 86 sabre prior becoming a test pilot.he was selected to become an astronaut in 1962 , and flew aboard gemini 6a and gemini 9 . in 1969 , stafford was the commander of apollo 10 , the second crewed mission to orbit the moon and the first to fly a lunar module in lunar orbit , descending to an altitude of nine miles.in 1975 , stafford was the commander of the apollo - soyuz test project flight , the first joint u.s. - soviet space mission .
tessa jane helen douglas jowell , baroness jowell ( " née " palmer 17 september 1947 – 12 may 2018 ) was an english labour party politician.jowell was the member of parliament ( mp ) for dulwich and west norwood from 1992 to 2015 . her most senior position in government was as secretary of state for culture , media and sport , a post she held from 2001 to 2007 . jowell member of both the blair and brown cabinets , she was also minister for the olympics ( 2005 – 2010 ) and shadow minister for the olympics and shadow minister for london until september 2012 , resigning after the london olympic games.in september 2015 , she was unsuccessful in seeking to be selected as the labour party 's official candidate in the 2016 election for mayor of london , coming second to sadiq khan in the contest of six candidates.in september 2017 , jowell announced she had been diagnosed with brain cancer . jowell died on 12 may 2018 in shipston - on - stour , warwickshire of a cerebral hemorrhage caused by the disease at the age of 70 .
honing oil is a liquid solution that aids in sharpening different machinery . one of the most common type of honing oil is the one used with sharpening stones . not only they protect the sharpening stone but they also keep the stone pores from clogging.there are different types of honing oil and substitutes . it has been noticed that some people use water instead of honing oil to make the sharpening process smooth . although , water is no substitute of honing oil according to many chefs and experts.the thickness of honing oil matters a lot . for example , motor oil , which is another type of honing oil , can not be used with sharpening stones since it is too thick and instead of protecting the sharpening stone pores , it will clog them .
an lc circuit is an electronic circuit made up of an inductor and a capacitor.lc circuit 's resonant frequency is equal to : formula_1the angular frequency ω has units of radians per second.lc circuits are used for creating signals at a particular frequency , or picking out a signal at a particular frequency from a more complex signal . an ideal lc circuit does not have resistance.at lc circuit energy saves in the capacitor 's electric field.formula_2u is energy and q is electric charge.at lc circuit energy also save in the inductor 's magnetic field.formula_3u is energy and i is electric current that flows in inductor.let 's analyze an lc circuit 's vibration . vibrating lc circuit 's total energy is u.formula_4because circuit 's resistance is 0 , there is no energy that transmits to heat energy , and u is maintained regularity.formula_5so lc circuit 's vibration is shown like thatformula_6first consider the electrical impedance of the series lc circuit . the total impedance is given by the sum of the inductive and capacitive impedancesformula_7by writing the inductive impedance as formula_8 and capacitive impedance as formula_9resultingly the series connected circuit , when connected to a circuit in series , will act as a band - pass filter having zero impedance at the resonant frequency of the lc circuits.the same analysis may be applied to the parallel lc circuit . the total impedance is then given byformula_11and after substitution of formula_12 and formula_13 we haveformula_14which simplifies toformula_15 . resultingly the parallel connected circuit will act as band - stop filter having infinite impedance at the resonant frequency of the lc circuit .
hıdırlık tower is a landmark tower of tawny stone in antalya , turkey , where kaleiçi meets karaalioglu park.the tower is at the south side of the place , where the land walls of the city join the sea walls . the 14m high tower consists a circular tower rising on a quadratic pedestal . the tower 's gate at the eastern side goes to a small room , from where a narrow staircase goes up . there are some restoration work on the upper part done in the seljuk and ottoman eras.around the hıdırlık tower is many cafés and restaurants also a view of the gulf of antalya .
my family was a british television sitcom . it was shown on bbc one from 19 september 2000 until 11 september 2011 . it was created by fred barron and is set in chiswick , west london . it stars robert lindsay as dentist ben harper and zoe wanamaker as susan harper . they are a middle - aged , middle - class married couple who have three children . they elder son is nick ( played by kris marshall ) , who is stupid , cheerful and has no direction in life . the daughter is janey ( played by daniela denby - ashe ) , who is attractive , has many boyfriends and becomes a single mother . the younger son is michael ( played by gabriel thomson ) , who is very intelligent and comes out as gay .
the waggle dance is a special ' figure - of - eight ' dance that is done by the honey bee in its hive . by this , a worker tells the others where it has found nectar . this was shown by the austrian ethologist karl von frisch.the dance is a type of communication for bees . it is done to give other bees information about the direction and distance to flowers that have nectar or pollen , or both . it is also used to tell the bees where water can be found.the dance is used for bees to get others to help them collect resources for the hive . it used to be thought that bees have two distinct " recruitment " dances . there were the " round dances " and waggle dances . round dances were thought to be used for things that were close by and wiggle dances were for things farther away . it is now known that a round dance is only a waggle dance with a very short " waggle run " ( see below ) .
super smash bros. for nintendo 3ds and wii u are two fighting video games for the nintendo 3ds and wii u game consoles . they were developed by sora ltd. and namco bandai games and published by nintendo . they act as the fourth game in the " super smash bros. " series . the 3ds game was released on september 13 , 2014 . the wii u game was released on november 21 , 2014 . like past games in the series , " super smash bros. " involves characters from nintendo series fighting against each other , with the object of knocking opponents off of the stage in some way . characters from past " super smash bros. " games that are in these games include mario , luigi , bowser , princess peach , yoshi , link , princess zelda , sheik , , fox mccloud , kirby , king dedede , pikachu , lucario , charizard , donkey kong , diddy kong , samus aran , zero suit samus , marth , ike , pit , sonic the hedgehog , and olimar . there are six new characters : villager from the " animal crossing " series , mega man from the " mega man " series , the " wii fit " trainer , rosalina from the " mario " series . , little mac from the " punch - out ! ! " series , greninja from the " pokémon " series , the mii , palutena from the " kid icarus " series , and pac - man from the " pac - man " series . there are also many hidden characters to be unlocked dubbed " secret characters " by the official super smash bros. website.the wii u version has high - definition graphics . the nintendo 3ds version has cel - shaded ( computer graphics made to look like they were drawn by hand ) graphics . both versions have the same number of characters , but have stages that are only in either version . the nintendo 3ds version has more stages based on nintendo 's handheld video games . the wii u version has more stages based on their console video games . for the first time in the series , players can change the movesets of characters . they can play with characters they have changed the movesets of in single - player and with friends.there are also downloadable characters that were released . mewtwo , who had last appeared in " melee " , was released on april 28 , 2015 and was made available on april 15 , 2015 for members of club nintendo who had purchased and registered both 3ds and wii u versions of the game before march 31 , 2015 . lucas from " mother 3 " , who had last appeared in " brawl " , and roy from " " , who last appeared in " melee " , made their returns and were released on june 14 , 2015 . ryu from the " street fighter " series was also announced as a new character and was released alongside lucas and roy . on november 12 , 2015 , it was announced that cloud strife from " final fantasy vii " would be joining as a newcomer.on april 1 , 2015 , a ballot was launched on the official " smash bros " website , which allowed players to nominate video game characters to be added as playable characters . the ballot 's deadline was on october 3 , 2015 . on december 15 , 2015 , a special " smash bros. " broadcast was shown . cloud strife was released after the broadcast . corrin from " fire emblem fates " and bayonetta from the series of the same name were announced as the last downloadable characters . they were released on february 3 , 2016 . bayonetta was chosen as the winner of the " smash bros. " ballot . she ranked first in europe and was among the top five in north america among " realizable " characters .
a physical change is a change in which no new substance are formed . physical changes affect the " form " of a chemical substance , but not its chemical composition . mixtures can be separated into their parts by physical methods , such as spinning in a centrifuge . it can not be used to separate compounds into chemical elements or simpler compounds.all physical changes are reversible and their mass does not change . some examples are changes of shape , changes of states , and passing electricity through a copper wire . physical changes could be : melting , freezing , boiling / evaporating , condensing , deposition and sublimation.many physical changes also involve the rearrangement of atoms most noticeably in the formation of crystals . many chemical changes are irreversible , and many physical changes are reversible , but reversibility is not a certain criterion for classification . although chemical changes may be recognized by an indication such as odor , color change , or production of a gas , every one of these indicators can result from physical change . it is not reversible in some cases such as tearing of paper , melting of wax
state route 1 ( sr 1 ) is a major north - south state highway that runs along most of the pacific coastline of the u.s. state of california.highway 1 includes parts called pacific coast highway ( pch ) , cabrillo highway , shoreline highway , or coast highway . its southern end is at interstate 5 ( i - 5 ) near dana point in orange county . its northern end is at u.s. highway 101 ( us 101 ) near leggett in mendocino county . highway 1 also at times runs together with us 101 , through a stretch in ventura and santa barbara counties , and across the golden gate bridge.the highway is famous for running along some of the most beautiful coastlines in the usa . this is why people sometimes call it an ' all - american road ' . in addition to its scenic route to attractions along the coast , it is also a major thoroughfare in the greater los angeles area , the san francisco bay area , and several other coastal urban areas .
a free market is a system in which the prices for goods and services are determined by the open market and consumers , in which the laws and forces of supply and demand are free from any intervention by a government , price - setting monopoly , or other authority . it is a result of a need being , then the need being met . a free market contrasts with a regulated market , in which government intervenes in supply and demand through non-market methods such as laws creating barriers to market entry or price fixing . in a free - market economy , prices for goods and services are set freely by the forces of supply and demand and are allowed to reach their point of equilibrium without intervention by government policy , and it typically entails support for highly competitive markets and private ownership of productive enterprises.although free markets are commonly associated with capitalism within a market economy in contemporary usage and popular culture , free markets have also been advocated by free - market anarchists , market socialists , and some proponents of cooperatives and advocates of profit sharing . [ 1 ]
on april 28 , 1905 , the american astronomer william h. pickering said that he had found a tenth moon of the planet saturn . pickering named the moon themis . no other astronomer has ever seen the moon that pickering said he saw . because of this , astronomers do not count themis as an official moon of saturn.pickering tried to figure out an orbit for themis . he thought that themis had an inclination of 39.1 ° to the ecliptic , with 0.23 eccentricity ( 0.23 ) and a semi-major axis distance of 1,457,000 km . this meant that themis had an orbit like the moons titan and hyperion . pickering believed that it took themis 20.85 days to orbit saturn , in a prograde motion.pickering thought that the diameter of themis was about 38 miles ( 61 km ) . pickering had also discovered the moon phoebe , but modern astronomers know that pickering made a mistake when he gave 42 miles ( 68 km ) as the diameter of phoebe . because astronomers know how pickering made his mistake , they can say that if themis existed , it would have a diameter of 200 km.in april 1861 , hermann goldschmidt also thought he discovered a new satellite of saturn between titan and hyperion . goldschmidt called this moon chiron . the moon chiron also does not exist , but the name was used much later for the comet / asteroid 2060 chiron.in 1906 , the french academy of sciences gave pickering the lalande prize of the french academy of sciences for his " discovery of the ninth and tenth satellites of saturn " . the actual tenth satellite of saturn ( in order of discovery ) was janus , which was discovered in 1966 and confirmed in 1980 . its orbit is far from the supposed orbit of themis.there is also an asteroid named 24 themis .
the dutch are the people who live in the netherlands , or those that come from the netherlands . often the netherlands is called holland , but this is only part of the netherlands . the dutch culture and ethnicity are also found outside of the netherlands , with large number of dutch living in the united states of america , south africa , suriname , and namibia.many inventors were dutch , including hans lippershey and zacharias janssen , said to have invented the microscope and the telescope . many famous painters have also been dutch , among them rembrandt van rijn , vincent van gogh and johannes vermeer.the definition of ethnicity is not always clear . one can count all people living in the netherlands as dutch , but many are not . this is because many people who live in the netherlands were not born there . about 15.5 million people in the netherlands actually have the dutch nationality . about 1 million people living in the netherlands do not have the dutch nationality . to make things more confusing , people who live in the other parts of the kingdom of the netherlands ( including aruba , curaçao , sint maarten , and the caribbean netherlands ) also have dutch nationality . still , even more people in the netherlands who were not born there can also be called " dutch " . according to some definitions , also people who were born in the netherlands , but whose parents were not , can not be called dutch . this definition leaves almost 20 % of the entire dutch population to be ' foreign ' .
cara carleton " carly " fiorina ( née sneed ; born september 6 , 1954 ) is an american businesswoman . fiorina is known primarily for her tenure as chief executive officer ( ceo ) of hewlett - packard ( hp ) and as chair of the philanthropic organization good360 . she ran for the republican party 's nomination of president of the united states in 2016 . in march 2016 , fiorina endorsed ted cruz for the nomination . on april 27 , 2016 , cruz named fiorina as his running mate . on may 3 , 2016 , cruz dropped out of the race . on december 19 , 2016 , after trump 's victory in the election , the electoral college convened ; fiorina received one electoral vote for vice president of the united states.as chief executive officer of hp from 1999 to 2005 , fiorina was the first woman to lead a top - 20 company as ranked by " fortune " magazine . in 2002 , fiorina oversaw what was then the largest technology sector merger in history , in which hp acquired rival personal computer manufacturer , compaq . the transaction made hp the world 's largest seller of personal computers . hp subsequently laid off 30,000 u.s. employees in order to save 80,000 jobs . the company then grew to 150,000 . in february 2005 , she was forced to resign as ceo and chair , following a boardroom disagreement .
pelagia noctiluca is a jellyfish . in latin , " pelagia " means " of the sea " , " nocti " stands for night and " luca " means light thus " pelagia noctiluca " can be described as a marine organism with the ability to glow in the dark.this species is commonly known as the mauve stinger . it occurs in warm and temperate waters of the world 's oceans , including the mediterranean sea , red sea and atlantic ocean . it is also found in the pacific ocean , with sightings in warm waters off hawaii , southern california and mexico.it is an offshore species , although sometimes it is washed near the coastlines and may be stranded in great numbers on beaches . the color varies . as well as pink or mauve , it is sometimes shades of golden yellow to tan.in an unprecedented event on november 21 , 2007 , a swarm of jellyfish wiped out a 100,000 - fish salmon farm in northern ireland , causing around £ 1 million worth of damage.as its name implies " p. noctiluca " has the ability to bioluminesce , or produce light . light is given off in the form of flashes when the medusa is stimulated by the turbulence of a ship ’s motion or by waves . this flashing is short , and gradually fades .
ford f - series is a series of pickup trucks produced by ford motor company since 1948 . it is currently in its thirteenth generation . the most popular variant of the f - series is the f - 150 . it was the best - selling vehicle of its time , the most popular pickup truck for 23 years and the most popular truck for 33 years . this does not include combined sales of general motors pickup trucks . millions of the f - series trucks were sold in the united states and other parts of the world , including europe , asia and australia . for the 2010 model year , the svt raptor high - performance truck was introduced . unlike its lightning predecessor , it was a vehicle meant for off - road driving .
koi ... mil gaya ( english : " i found someone " ) is an indian science fiction movie released in 2003 . the main characters in the film are played by hrithik roshan , rekha , preity zinta and rajat bedi . the movie was directed and produced by rakesh roshan , the father of hrithik roshan . it is about a mentally retarded person who sees an alien in a forest which he thought would change his life forever . the movie was a superhit and became the most successful movie of 2003 . it is regarded as one of india 's first science fiction movies . it has two sequels krrish ( 2006 ) and krrish 3 ( 2013 ) .
the london , brighton and south coast railway ( lbscr was a railway company in england from 1846 to 1922 . its territory formed a rough triangle , with london at its apex , most of the coastline of sussex as its base , and a large part of surrey . the lbscr had the most direct routes from london to the south coast seaside resorts of brighton , eastbourne , worthing , littlehampton and bognor regis , and to the ports of newhaven and shoreham - by - sea . it served the inland towns / cities of chichester , horsham , east grinstead and lewes , and jointly served croydon , tunbridge wells , dorking and guildford . at the london end was a complicated suburban and outer - suburban network of lines emanating from london bridge and victoria , and shared interests in two cross-london lines.the lbscr was formed by a merger of five companies in 1846 . on 1 january 1923 , it became part of the southern railway under the railways act 1921 .
art history is the study of objects of art in their historical development and stylistic contents ; that is genre , design , format , and style . the study includes painting , sculpture , architecture , ceramics , furniture and other decorative objects . an art historian is a person who studies the history of art , and then writes about it or teaches about it so that other people can learn about this subject as well.the first person to become an art historian was giorgio vasari . he lived in florence during the renaissance , at a time when there were many famous artists alive . vasari was an artist himself . he decided to write down all the stories that were told in florence about the many different artists who had made the city famous . he included biographies of several other artists from northern italy as well . when all the information was collected and the biographies written , he published them in 1568 in a book called " lives of the artists " . because of this book , art students today have a lot of information about artists such as leonardo , michelangelo , titian and their works .
jessica marie alba ( born april 28 , 1981 ) is an american television and film actress and model . she made her first movie , " camp nowhere " , at age 13 and in the television drama series " dark angel " ( 2000 – 2002 ) . alba later acted in several movies , such as " honey " ( 2003 ) , " sin city " ( 2005 ) and " good luck chuck " ( 2007 ) . alba has won several awards for her acting . these awards include the " choice actress " award at the teen choice award and a saturn award . both of these awards were for her acting in the series " dark angel " . she has been listed in the " hot 100 " section of " maxim " magazine every year from 2003 to 2007 , and she was voted " sexiest woman in the world " by " fhm " in 2007 . in march 2007 , a picture of her was used on the cover of " playboy " . " playboy " did not ask her if they could use the picture or tell her they were going to use it . this caused a lawsuit that was later dropped .
sohni mahiwal or suhni mehar ( punjabi : سوہنی معینوال , ਸੋਹਣੀ ਮਹੀਂਵਾਲ ; sindhi : سهڻي ميهار ) is one of the four popular tragic romances of punjab . the others are sassi punnun , mirza sahiba , and heer ranjha . sohni mahiwal is a tragic love story which reverts the classical motif of hero and leader . the heroine sohni , unhappily married to a man she despises , swims every night across the river using an earthenware pot to keep afloat in the water , to where her beloved mehar herds buffaloes . one night her sister - in - law replaces the earthenware pot with a vessel of unbaked clay , which dissolves in water and she dies in the whirling waves of the river.the story also appears in shah jo risalo and is one of seven popular tragic romances from sindh . the other six tales are umar marui , sassui punhun , lila chanesar , noori jam tamachi , sorath rai diyach and momal rano commonly known as " seven heroines " ( sindhi : ست سورميون ) of shah abdul latif bhittai . shah begins the story at the most dramatic moment , when a young woman cries out for help in the cold river , attacked by crocodiles . the whole chapter ( sur sohni ) is merely an extension of this dreadful and yet hoped - for moment when the vessel of her body breaks and she , faithful to her pre-eternal love - covenant with mehar , will be forever united through death.sohni is one of the favourite folktales both in sindh and punjab .
the talmud is a collection of texts which are important in judaism . these texts are about discussions rabbis had about jewish law , ethics , customs and history . the talmud has two parts , the mishnah and the gemara . the mishnah was written down about 200 c.e . the mishna is about the oral laws of judaism . the gemara was written down around the year 500 . it discusses the mishnah , writings of the tannaim , and the tanakh . the talmud is taken very seriously . the talmud is studied and used every day by jewish people all over the world and is considered an extremely necessary component of the jewish religion .
the fens , or , are a naturally marshy region in eastern england . most of the fens were drained several centuries ago . they are now mostly a flat , damp , low - lying agricultural region.a " fen " is an individual area of marshland or former marshland . the marsh is ( or was ) neutral or alkaline water with relatively large quantities of dissolved minerals , but few other plant nutrients.the fenland is mostly around the coast of the wash . it includes parts of four counties : lincolnshire , cambridgeshire , norfolk and a small area of suffolk . the whole occupies an area of nearly . most of the fenland lies within a few metres of sea level . as with similar areas in the netherlands , much of the fenland originally consisted of fresh - or salt - water wetlands , which have been artificially drained and continue to be protected from floods by drainage banks and pumps . with the support of this drainage system , the fenland has become a major arable agricultural region in britain for grains and vegetables . the fens are particularly fertile , containing around half of the grade 1 agricultural land in england.the fens include the churches and cathedrals of ely , ramsey , crowland , thorney and peterborough.other significant settlements in the fens include cambridge , boston , spalding , wisbech and king 's lynn.the fens are very low - lying compared with the chalk and limestone uplands that surround them – in most places no more than 10 m above sea level . indeed , as a result of drainage and the subsequent shrinkage of the peat fens , many parts of the fens now lie below the average sea level . although one writer in the seventeenth century described the fenland as all lying above sea level ( in contrast to the netherlands ) , the area is now home to the lowest land point in the united kingdom , holme fen in cambridgeshire , at around 2.75 metres below sea level . within the fens there are a few hills , which have historically been called " islands " as they remained dry when the low - lying fens around them were flooded . the largest of the fen - islands is the isle of ely , on which the cathedral city of ely was built ; its highest point is 39 m above mean sea - level.without artificial drainage and flood protection , the fens would be liable to periodic flooding , particularly in winter due to the heavy load of water flowing down from the uplands and overflowing the rivers . some areas of the fens were once permanently flooded , creating small lakes or " meres " , while others were only flooded during periods of high water . in the pre-modern period arable farming was limited to the higher areas of the surrounding uplands , the fen islands and the so - called " townlands " , an arch of silt ground around the wash where the towns had their arable fields . though these lands were lower than the peat fens before the peat shrinkage began , the more stable silt soils were reclaimed by medieval farmers and embanked against any floods coming down from the peat areas or from the sea . the rest of the fenland was dedicated to pastoral farming , fishing , fowling and the harvesting of reeds or sedge , for example for thatch . in this way , the medieval and early modern fens stood in contrast to the rest of southern england , which was primarily an arable agricultural region.since the advent of modern drainage in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , the fens have been radically transformed , so that today arable farming has almost entirely replaced pastoral and the economy of the fens is heavily invested in the production of crops such as grains , vegetables and some cash crops such as rapeseed or canola .
the narrows is the tidal strait splitting up the new york city boroughs of staten island and brooklyn . it connects the upper and lower new york bay and makes the channel where the hudson river can empty into the atlantic ocean . it is believed that the narrows were most likely formed after deposition of the harbor hill moraine about 18,000 years ago just before to the end of the last ice age . staten island and brooklyn used to be connected and the hudson river emptied into the ocean through the raritan river and taking course through present day northern new jersey . a build up of water in the upper bay allowed the river to break through to form the narrows less than 12,000 to 13,000 years ago as it exists today.the first recorded european entrance into the narrows was in 1524 by florentine explorer giovanni da verrazzano , who set anchor in the strait and was greeted by a group of lenape in canoes . a 1964 bridge across the narrows was named for him .
the fields medal is a prize given to mathematicians who are not over 40 years of age . it is given at each international congress of the international mathematical union . this is a meeting that takes place every four years.the canadian mathematician john charles fields was the first to propose this medal and it was first awarded in 1936 . it has been regularly awarded since 1950 . its purpose is to support younger mathematicians who made major contributions.the fields medal is viewed , at least in the media , as the top honor a mathematician can receive . it comes with a monetary award . in 2006 the award was c $ 15,000 ( us $ 13,400 or € 10,550 ) . the abel prize has similar prestige , and more money .
forensic psychology is a branch of psychology which relates to the law . the main part of forensic psychology is working with the criminal justice system.forensic psychology is the use of psychological practices and principles and applying them to the legal system , mainly in court . in 1893 james mckeen cattell at columbia university was the first to research and study the psychology of testimony.the american psychological association council of representatives in 2001 recognized forensic psychology as a specialty . a broad definition for forensic psychology includes two parts . the first part is to research human behavior that is and / or can be related to the legal process . the second is the use of psychological practice to consult on and within the legal system , including both criminal and civil law.the public part of a forensic psychologist ’s time is spent in a courtroom working as a witness for the court . he or she answers questions based on interviews and discussions with people suspected of a crime . one aspect of the forensic psychologist is to give evidence as to the suspect ’s ability to stand trial . another is his or her thoughts about the accused 's state of mind at the time of the offense . at sentencing , a forensic psychologist may give evidence of mitigating circumstances arising from the accused 's condition at the time .
vikram chatterjee is a bengali film actor . he made his big screen debut with a small role in mainak bhowmik 's 2012 movie " bedroom " and was immediately noticed . in the same year he acted in bappaditya bandopadhyay 's " elar char adhyay " based on rabindranath tagore 's last novel " char adhyay " as a lead . soon after he acted in " ami aar amar girlfriends " , " hoichoi " , " britto " and many other films and established himself as a lead in bengali films . he has gained immense popularity from his daily soap ichchenodi where he played the lead character , anurag and enjoys a huge fan base , thanks to the success of the show . vikram has earned a lot of accolades for his film " shaheb bibi golaam " , where the whole industry has taken notice of his brilliant portrayal of zico .
harry julius shearer ( born december 23 , 1943 , in los angeles , california ) is an american comedic actor , voice actor , comedian , writer , musician , author , radio host , director and producer . shearer is famous for playing the voices of several minor characters for " the simpsons " ( 1989 to present ) . shearer was a child actor . he acted on the jack benny radio program.shearer was a member of the credibility gap comedy group . the radio stations krla and later kppc broadcast the credibility gap . he performed on the pop chronicles music documentary.shearer portrayed derek smalls in the 1984 comedy movie " this is spinal tap " . rob reiner directed this movie.shearer speaks the voices for many characters on " the simpsons " cartoon . some of the characters he plays are mr. burns , waylon smithers , and ned flanders .
the history of colonialism goes back thousands of years , colonialism is the taking over of one country by another . in ancient times peoples such as the hittites and the incas were involved in colonialism.however people usually use the word colonialism to talk about the european overseas empires rather than land - based empires . overseas empires include british rule in india and french rule in algeria - both of which could only be reached by ships.land based empires are usually described as imperialism and include : the ottoman empire was created across mediterranean , north africa and into southern europe and existed during the time of european colonization of the other parts of the world.european colonialism began in the fifteenth century when the spanish and portuguese began exploring the americas , and the coasts of africa , the middle east , india , and east asia.during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , england , france and holland made their own overseas empires . however the end of the eighteenth and early nineteenth century many european colonies in the americas gained their independence.spain and portugal became weakened after the loss of their new world colonies and could not get back the power they once had . but britain , france and holland turned their attention to south africa , india and south east asia and began expanding.in the nineteenth century europe underwent industrialisation , the population got larger , armies became more organised and had better weapons produced in factories . this time became known as the era of new imperialism . very quickly european powers were able to take over land and included the scramble for africa.after world war i the european countries who had lost the war had to give up their colonies to the countries that had won the war . for instance britain which won the war took over tanzania from germany ( which had lost the war ) after world war ii however europe 's colonies started to become independent . in 1999 portugal returned the last of europe 's colonies in asia , macau , to china , ending an era that had lasted five hundred years .
on the evening of 14 november 2017 , the zimbabwe national army gathered around harare , the capital of zimbabwe , and got control of the zimbabwe 's national television station and other areas of the city.the next day , they issued a statement saying that it was not a coup d'état and that president robert mugabe was safe , although the situation would only return to normal after they had dealt with the " criminals " around mugabe responsible for the socio - economic problems of zimbabwe . jacob zuma , the president of south africa , phoned mugabe and confirmed that he was " fine " , but under house arrest.the coup took place amid troubles in the ruling zanu – pf party between former vice president emmerson mnangagwa , who was backed by the army , and first lady grace mugabe , backed by the younger g40 section , over who would replace the elderly president mugabe . grace mugabe warned to a coup in october 2017 . a week after mnangagwa was fired and forced to flee the country , and a day before troops moved into harare , army chief constantino chiwenga issued a statement that purges of senior zanu - pf officials like mnangagwa had to stop . on november 21 , 2017 , mugabe resigned as president . emmerson mnangagwa became the president of zimbabwe on november 24 , 2017 .
cruelty to animals is when a person harms or even kills an animal or pet . there is a fine and sometimes in more serious cases one can go to jail . the animal that suffers could be stolen , or it could be the owner abusing their own pet . some ways in which people could abuse the animal would be by locking it , keeping it tied to a chain , giving it little or no food or water , kicking and hurting it , yelling and scaring it or leaving it outside in cold or hot weather for a long period of time . sometimes people will also abandon their pet . some examples of animal cruelty are neglect , hoarding , or physical abuse .
thrice is an american experimental rock band formed in 1998 . they are always changing their sound from different albums . the four members in thrice are the same four people as when they started 10 years ago.in 2004 , the band released a dvd about the band . in the dvd , it talks about the members . they talk about experiences with touring and being in the band . they also talk about their ideas about the future direction of the music.dustin kensrue , the lead singer for the band , released a solo album in 2007 . most recently , thrice have released a four disc album titled " the alchemy index " ( volumes " earth " , " fire " , " water " and " air " ) . at the end of each disc , there is a song written in a similar poem style . the last line in that song is always sung in the same way .
anna louise friel ( born 12 july 1976 ) is an english actress . she began professionally acting at the age of 13 . she first became notable for playing beth jordache in the soap opera " brookside " ( 1993 – 95 ) . outside the uk , she became known for her role as charlotte " chuck " charles in the abc series " pushing daisies " ( 2007 – 09 ) . friel 's movie credits include " the land girls " ( 1998 ) , " a midsummer night 's dream " ( 1999 ) , " rogue trader " ( 1999 ) , " sunset strip " ( 2000 ) , " me without you " ( 2001 ) , " timeline " ( 2003 ) , " goal ! " ( 2005 ) , " bathory " ( 2008 ) , " land of the lost " ( 2009 ) , " london boulevard " ( 2010 ) , " you will meet a tall dark stranger " ( 2010 ) , " limitless " ( 2011 ) , " the look of love " ( 2013 ) , " the cleanse " ( 2016 ) and " i.t . " ( 2016 ) . friel has also starred in many british and american television shows , such as " the jury " ( 2004 ) , " odyssey " ( 2015 ) , " the girlfriend experience " ( 2017 ) and " marcella " ( 2016 – present ) . her stage work includes patrick marber 's " closer " ( broadway , 1999 ) , and west end productions of " breakfast at tiffany 's " ( 2009 ) and " uncle vanya " ( 2012 ) . friel was born in rochdale , greater manchester . she has dated actors david thewlis and rhys ifans . she has a daughter , gracie ( born 2005 ) , with thewlis .
popeye the sailor is one of the most popular cartoon characters of all time . he first appeared in a comic strip called " thimble theatre " by e.c . segar in 1929 . popeye is a sailor who smokes a pipe and mutters things under his breath . he has only one eye , he is short and uneducated , but when trouble occurs , usually saving his girlfriend , olive oyl from his nemesis , bluto / brutus , he eats a can of spinach , and gets super-strength . over the years , he also appeared in a series of cartoons made for movie theatres by paramount pictures , comic books , arcade , video games , hundreds of advertisements , peripheral products ( ranging from spinach to candy cigarettes ) and the 1980 live - action film directed by robert altman , starring comedian robin williams as popeye . in 2002 , " tv guide " ranked popeye # 20 on its " 50 greatest cartoon characters of all time " list .
the bundesregierung , sometimes called the bundeskabinett or federal cabinet , is the government of the federal republic of germany and it consists of the chancellor and the federal ministers.the job of the cabinet is listed in the articles 62 to 69 of the constitution . this also has the oath of office that the minister must take.the chancellor is responsible for the administrative work of the federal government , but the work is delegated to the head of the federal chancellery.the chancellor sets the general policy of the federal government , and what each ministry should do . the federal ministers are responsible for what happens in their own departments , and for making sure that the ministry keeps to the general ideas of the chancellor . this is known as the departmental principle ( ) . if two federal ministers disagree about what should be done or about who is to do it or how it is to be done , the federal government decides with a majority decision . the is called the cooperative principle ( ) . the " federal minister law " ( ) says that a retired member of the federal government can have a retirement pension , if they have been a minister for at least two years . time as a junior minister ( us " undersecretary " ) , who in germany are called parliamentary permanent secretaries , is counted , and so is previous membership in a land ( state ) government.parliamentary permanent secretaries and state ministers are not members of the federal government , but do help them in their job.as a rule , the federal cabinet meets in the federal chancellery every wednesday at 9:30 a.m .
overcharge is an economic term used in legal discourse about price fixing violations . an overcharge is the difference between what a buyer or seller " actually " paid for a good purchased from a cartel and what the buyer or seller " would have " paid in the absence of a price - fixing cartel . the total amount of the overcharges paid by customers of a cartel is the major component of damages that can be recovered by plaintiffs in private antitrust suits . under u.s. federal antitrust law , buyers injured by cartel overcharges are entitled to triple the overcharges that they are able to prove in court.the overcharge has a one - to - one relationship to the lerner index , the most common measure of market power in economics . both measures employ the same numerator ( pm - pc ) , where pm is the observed market price and pc is the competitive benchmark price , but use different denominators . the overcharge ratio is ( pm - pc ) / pc , whereas the lerner index is ( pm - pc ) / pm . both ratios are zero when a market is perfectly competitive or a cartel is ineffective in raising prices . the lerner index has an upper limit of one when the pure monopoly price is charged in a market . the overcharge has no upper limit .
norfolk is a large city in virginia , united states . it is the 78th largest city in the united states . it is home to the " norfolk admirals " of the ahl.as of the census of 2000 , there were 234,403 people , 86,210 households , and 51,898 families residing in the city . the population density was 1,684.4 / km ² ( 4,362.8 / mi ² ) . there were 94,416 housing units at an average density of 678.5 / km ² ( 1,757.3 / mi ² ) . the racial makeup of the city was 48.36 % white , 44.11 % african american , 0.46 % native american , 2.81 % asian , 0.11 % pacific islander , 1.67 % from other races , and 2.48 % from two or more races . hispanic or latino of any race were 3.80 % of the population .
samson is the third to last of the judges of the ancient children of israel mentioned in the tanakh ( the hebrew bible ) and the talmud . he is described in the book of judges chapters 13 to 16 . the book of samson also appears in josephus 's " antiquities of the jews " , written in the last ten years of the 1st century ad , as well as in works slightly earlier.samson is known for being given great strength by god to use against those who do not like him and to do great things that regular people can not do : killing a lion with his bare hands , defeating a whole army with only a donkey 's jawbone to fight with , and making a temple fall down.he is believed to have been buried in tel tzora in israel above the sorek valley . there stand two large gravestones of samson and his father manoah . nearby stands manoah ’s altar ( judges 13:19 - 24 ) . it is located between the cities of zorah and eshtaol .
in law , evidence is an object of some kind , a document of some kind , or the testimony of a person in a court of law . evidence is used to show something is either true or false . evidence has to follow rules in most jurisdictions . in the united states , for example , evidence was based on legal precedent until 1975 . in that year congress created the federal rules of evidence . they became the official rules that all forms of evidence must follow in federal courts . most states in the us use rules based on the federal rules . china , while a civil law country , has followed much of the us federal rules of evidence in their " uniform provisions of evidence " . a subpoena can be used to require a person or organization to provide documents used for evidence .
storks are a family of birds ( ciconiidae ) . they usually live near shallow bodies of water where they wade through the water , and catch small animals , like frogs , crabs , or small fish . many species of stork are migratory , they spend the summer and the winter in different places . there are 19 different species of stork , in 6 genera.probably the best known stork is the white stork . it is known to build large nests in high places , like on chimneys . stork nests are often very large . they may be used for many years . beforehand , people believed storks were monogamous , that they only had one partner in life . more recent research has shown though , that they may change partners . they are attached to a nest almost as much as to a partner.the marabou stork , which lives in africa , has a wingspan of up to 320 cm . this makes it the largest bird still alive , together with the andean condor .
the pedal steel guitar is a type of electric steel guitar that is built on legs or a stand . it usually has foot pedals which adjust the sound of the instrument . like other electric guitars , the musical instrument produces sound by the vibration of its strings which are converted by magnetic pickup connected to an amplifier.pedal steels may have one or two " necks " that typically have 10 strings each . some may have as many as 14 . unlike most other guitars , pedal steel guitars have reference lines on the fretboard . this is where frets would be , but there are no actual frets . the player changes the pitch of one or more strings by sliding a steel from one position to another while plucking the strings . pedal steels are typically plucked with a thumb pick and fingers , or two or three fingerpicks . the pedals are mounted on a cross bar below the body . the action of the pedals may be fixed or changed by the player to select which strings the pedals affects . while there are some fairly standard pedal assignments , many advanced players devise their own setups , called " copedents " . the pedal steel evolved from the console steel guitar and lap steel guitar.the pedal steel , with its smooth " portamenti " , bending chords and complex riffs , is one of the most easily recognized instruments of american country music .
scurvy is a disease ( sickness ) . it is caused by not eating enough vitamin c. but scurvy can be prevented . it has many symptoms . people who have scurvy get spots on their skin , especially on their legs . their teeth may loosen and / or fall out . they may bleed from the mouth , nose , and gums ( mucus membranes ) . a person with scurvy will look pale and feel sad ( see depression ) . they will not be able to move easily , because their joints hurt.scurvy can be easily cured . oranges and other fruits can restore vitamins . in the past , sailors more commonly got scurvy . fresh fruit could not be kept for long.the main cause of scurvy is lack of fresh fruits and vegetables . it is uncommon today .
ronald reagan washington national airport is an airport near washington , d.c. . it is in arlington county , virginia . it is the commercial airport closest to washington , d.c . the metropolitan washington airports authority ( mwaa ) is in control of the airport . it is named after 40th president of the united states ronald reagan.flights into and out of dca can not be longer than . this rule is used to limit the number of aircraft over washington . it causes most of the air traffic to be sent to the washington dulles international airport which is larger and further from the city . there are some exceptions to this rule . in 2010 , the airport served about 18.1 million passengers . reagan national is a focus city for american airlines . they are the airport 's largest carrier . the american airlines shuttle has air shuttle service to laguardia airport in new york city and logan international airport in boston , massachusetts . delta air lines ' delta shuttle also has air shuttle service to laguardia . these shuttle flights leave reagan international about once an hour . an exception to this rule permits 20 long - haul flights a day . most are from the west coast : non-stops from seattle , los angeles , san francisco , and portland oregon . however , san juan puerto rico is also part of this group . these exemptions were created in 2003 and 2012 .
seattle sounders fc is a team in major league soccer ( mls ) that plays in seattle , washington . it was founded in 2007 and began playing in 2009 . their name , which comes from the name of two older teams in seattle , was chosen by fans in 2008 . the club 's majority owner is adrian hanauer , and its minority owners are the estate of paul allen , drew carey , and a group of 11 seattle - area families that includes russell wilson , his wife ciara , and macklemore . many fans are in groups and also a 53 - member band called sound wave plays at every home game . their rivals , the portland timbers and vancouver whitecaps , play against the seattle in the cascadia cup every year . brian schmetzer is the team 's head coach.the team was the 15th mls team and first played in the 2009 season . at every seattle game , all of the seats were sold and the fans set a new record for average ( or middle ) match attendance , while the team also sold more season tickets than anyone else in the mls . the seattle sounders fc finished their first year in the mls playoffs , but lost in the semi-finals . the team did win their first trophy , the lamar hunt u.s. open cup , and became the second team to do so in their first year . the sounders went on to win the u.s. open cup in 2010 and 2011 as well , becoming the first team in over 40 years to win that competition three straight times . they won again in 2014 , also winning the supporters ' shield . in 2016 , seattle won their first mls cup ; they returned to the final the following year and lost .
hammurabi ( akkadian from amorite " ˤammurāpi " , meaning " the kinsman is a healer , " from " ˤammu " , meaning " paternal kinsman " , and " rāpi " , meaning " healer " ) , was the sixth king of babylon from 1792 bc to 1750 bc . he became king after his father abdicated , and was the first ruler of babylonia . by winning wars against other kingdoms in mesopotamia , hammurabi created a large babylonian empire . however , his son samsu - iluna and later babylonian rulers lost much of the land he had gained.hammurabi is most famous for his laws , which are known as the hammurabi 's code . hammurabi 's code was one of the first written codes of law in history .
an economic bubble happens when a market goes through a very fast inflation of value . this increase is followed by a quick decrease in value , called a " crash " or a " bubble burst " . economic bubbles can be caused by many things , but many economists believe that economic bubbles are related to inflation . an economic bubble can cause an economic crisis due to a loss of investment both by companies and individuals , such as the great depression or the economic crisis of 2007 - 2010 . an economic bubble occurs due to the human psychology of an expectation of an unlimited demand for any particular commodity . the market moves up quickly as the investors see an increase in prices due to increase in demand . prices may eventually fall when supply increases beyond the demand , resulting in the bursting of the bubble . predicting when this will happen is difficult , hence it may surprise investors .
the screen actors guild ( sag ) is an american labor union representing over 200,000 film and television principal performers and background performers worldwide . according to sag 's mission statement , the guild was created to negotiate and enforce reasonable salaries , benefits , and working conditions for its performers ; collect compensation for exploitation of recorded performances by its members , and provide protection against unauthorized use of those performances ; and preserve and expand work opportunities for its members.the guild was founded in 1933 in an effort to end exploitation of actors in hollywood who were being forced into oppressive multi-year contracts with the major movie studios that did not include restrictions on work hours or minimum rest periods , and often had clauses that automatically renewed at the studios ' discretion . these contracts were notorious for allowing the studios to dictate the public and private lives of the performers who signed them , and most did not have provisions to allow the performer to end the deal.in addition to its main offices in hollywood , sag also maintains local branches in several major us cities , including : atlanta , boston , chicago , dallas , denver , detroit , honolulu , houston , las vegas , miami , nashville , new york city , philadelphia , phoenix , portland , salt lake city , san diego , san francisco , seattle , and washington dc.since 1995 , the guild has annually awarded the screen actors guild awards , which are considered an indicator of success at the academy awards.the membership of the screen actors guild voted to merge with the american federation of television and radio artists on march 30 , 2012 . it was later renamed as sag - aftra .
aberdeen is a city on the north east coast of scotland where the rivers dee and don flow into the north sea . it was the capital of the grampian region of scotland , but it is now one of scotland 's unitary authorities . aberdeen is the third largest city in scotland . its population is nearly 200,000 . it is the coldest city in the uk . the city 's motto is " bon accord " . aberdeen is famous for its buildings made from granite . because ofgrey colour of the stone , aberdeen is called the " silver city by the golden sands " . aberdeen has two universities , the university of aberdeen which was founded on 10 february 1495 by bishop william elphinstone and robert gordon university which was founded in 1910 but has a history dating back to the 1800s . the local people sometimes speak in a dialect called doric . they are called aberdonians.aberdeen has its own football team , aberdeen f.c. . the team plays in the scottish premier league.each year in august , aberdeen hosts the aberdeen international youth festival . this is one of the most important annual events in scotland . hundred of groups of young performing artists come to aberdeen each year for the festival.aberdeen shares its name with aberdeen , idaho and aberdeen , washington in the gallery
shawn corey carter ( born december 4 , 1969 ) , better known by his stage name jay - z ( formerly jay - z and jay z ) , is an american rapper , record producer and entrepreneur . he is the former ceo of def jam recordings and roc - a-fella records . jay - z co-owns the 40/40 club and the brooklyn nets nba team . he is one of the most financially successful hip - hop artists and businessmen in america . jay - z has several nicknames , " jigga " , " hova " , " young hov " , and " the greatest rapper alive " . in june 2019 , it was reported that jay - z had become the first billionaire rapper .
the best damn thing is an album and hit song by musical artist avril lavigne . it was released april 17 , 2007 . the lead single off the album , " girlfriend " was released on february 27 , 2007 . the song was very successful and peaked in a lot of countries # 1 . this was lavigne 's first billboard hot 100 chart number one . the second single , " when you 're gone " was released on june 19 , 2007 . the song was quite successful , peaking at # 3 on the uk singles chart . the third single , " hot " was released on october 2 , 2007 . the song was unsuccessful in the u.s , it debuted two months after its release on the billboard hot 100 at # 95 . but the song was successful in canada , it peaked at # 10 on the canadian hot 100 . the fourth and final single from the album was " the best damn thing " . it was released on june 24 , 2008 . the single was not very successful , it peaked at # 76 on the canadian hot 100 . the best damn thing sold 6 million copies worldwide .
snakes are reptiles . they are part of the order squamata . they are carnivores , with long narrow bodies and no legs . there are at least 20 families , about 500 genera and 3,400 species of snake.the earliest known fossils are from the jurassic period . this was between 143 and 167 million years ago.their long , slender body has some special features . they have overlapping scales which protect them , and help them move and climb trees . the scales have colours which may be camouflage or warning colours.many species have skulls with more joints than the skulls of their lizard ancestors . this allows the snakes to swallow prey much larger than their heads . in their narrow bodies , snakes ' paired organs ( such as kidneys ) appear one in front of the other instead of side by side . most have only one working lung . some species have kept a pelvic girdle with a pair of vestigial claws on either side of the cloaca . they have no eyelids or external ears . they can hiss , but otherwise make no vocal sounds.they are very mobile in their own way . most of them live in the tropics . few snake species live beyond the tropic of cancer or tropic of capricorn , and only one species , the common viper ( " vipera berus " ) lives beyond the arctic circle . they can see well enough , and they can taste scents with their tongues by flicking them in and out . they are very sensitive to vibrations in the ground . some snakes can sense warm - blooded animals by thermal infrared.most snakes live on the ground , and in the trees . others live in the water , and a few live under the soil . like other reptiles , snakes are ectotherms . they control their body temperature by moving in and out of the direct sunshine . that is why they are rare in cold places.snakes range in size from the tiny , 10.4 cm ( 4 inch ) - long thread snake to the reticulated python of in length . the extinct snake " titanoboa " was long .
scoob ! is a 2020 american computer - animated comedy mystery movie produced by warner animation group and based on the " scooby - doo " franchise.the movie is directed by tony cervone . it stars the voices of frank welker , will forte , gina rodriguez , zac efron , and amanda seyfried as the mystery gang with mark wahlberg , jason isaacs , kiersey clemons , ken jeong and tracy morgan as other hanna - barbera animated characters.the movie is about the mystery gang and blue falcon trying to stop dick dastardly from opening the underworld and releasing cerberus . " scoob ! " was released digitally via video on demand on may 15 , 2020 . it was initially set to play in theaters , but the theatrical release was canceled in response to the covid - 19 pandemic . it had mixed reviews from critics .
a well is a hole that is dug into the earth to get water ( or crude oil or natural gas ) . a qanat is an ancient complex water well system used in the middle east . wells can be as simple as a hole that a bucket on a rope can be lowered into , or very complex with pipes and high - powered pumps to get the water out . most cities that are not close to fresh water lakes or rivers get their water from wells.it is important to be careful what rubbish is put into the ground near a well . if something toxic is put in the ground , it could end up in the water from the well and make people sick.water is a problem for many african countries . many charities are helping to build wells in local villages to help stop lengthy travel to distant water supply.a well only works if underneath there is an aquifer which feeds it .
frederick ii ( 26 december 1194 – 13 december 1250 ) , was one of the most powerful holy roman emperors of the middle ages and head of the house of hohenstaufen . his political and cultural ambitions , based in sicily and stretching through italy to germany , and even to jerusalem , were enormous . however , his enemies , especially the popes , prevailed , and his dynasty collapsed soon after his death . historians have searched for superlatives to describe him , as in the case of professor donald detwiler , who wrote : viewing himself as a direct successor to the roman emperors of antiquity , he was emperor of the romans from his papal coronation in 1220 until his death ; he was also a claimant to the title of king of the romans from 1212 and unopposed holder of that monarchy from 1215 . as such , he was king of germany , of italy , and of burgundy . at the age of three , he was crowned king of sicily as a co-ruler with his mother , constance of hauteville , the daughter of roger ii of sicily . his other royal title was king of jerusalem by virtue of marriage and his connection with the sixth crusade.he was frequently at war with the papacy , hemmed in between frederick 's lands in northern italy and his kingdom of sicily ( the " regno " ) to the south , and thus he was excommunicated four times and often vilified in pro-papal chronicles of the time and since . pope gregory ix went so far as to call him an antichrist.speaking six languages ( latin , sicilian , german , french , greek and arabic ) , frederick was an avid patron of science and the arts . he played a major role in promoting literature through the sicilian school of poetry . his sicilian royal court in palermo , from around 1220 to his death , saw the first use of a literary form of an italo - romance language , sicilian . the poetry that emanated from the school had a significant influence on literature and on what was to become the modern italian language . the school and its poetry were saluted by dante and his peers and predate by at least a century the use of the tuscan idiom as the elite literary language of italy.he was also the first king who explicitly outlawed trials by ordeal as they were considered " irrational " . after his death , his line quickly died out and the house of hohenstaufen came to an end .
the tuatara are reptiles which look like lizards . however , they are the only surviving member of an order of reptiles which flourished 200 million years ago.there is now only the genus sphenodon , with two species of tuatara . both are endemic to ( only live in ) new zealand . lizards and snakes are the closest living relatives of the tuatara.tuatara are green - brown , and measure up to 80 cm from head to the end of their tail . they have a spiny crest along the back : the maori word " tuatara " refers to this.the crest is more pronounced in males . tuatara are special in many ways . one of these is the pattern of their teeth . they have two rows of teeth in the upper jaw overlap one row on the lower jaw . this is unique among living species .
the united states presidential election of 1992 was on november 3 , 1992 in the united states . the three main people running were : george h. w. bush , a republican from texas and the president ; bill clinton , who was a democrat and governor of arkansas ; and ross perot an independent candidate.bill clinton was the winner of the election . clinton got 370 electoral votes , bush got 168 , and perot got 0 . a person running for president will need to get 270 to win.george h.w . bush could have lost the election for several reasons . he broke his promise of " read my lips : no new taxes " by increasing taxes during his term . some of his most well - known accomplishments during his presidency came from his foreign policy , and because of the cold war and gulf war being over , foreign policy became a smaller issue , as the economy became a bigger issues , since the economy was bad .
the battle of anzio , which is also called operation shingle ( january 22 , 1944 ) was an allied sea landing in the italian campaign against german forces of anzio and nettuno , italy.the attack was commanded by american major general john p. lucas . he wanted to get around german forces on the winter line . then he wanted to attack rome . making a sea landing in a marshland needed to be done quickly.the landing surprised the germans . the allies even got near rome . the allies got their men ready on the beach . the german commander in the put his guns around the beach . the germans also flooded the marsh with salt water.after a month of heavy fighting , the allies finally got past the beaches in may . the allies went north - west to rome which was captured on 4 june.the german tenth army at cassino were able to go north of rome . then they got ready to defend the gothic line .
jessica hilda mauboy ( born 4 august 1989 ) is an australian r & b singer - songwriter and actress . in 2006 , she was runner - up on the fourth season of " australian idol " . after this , she signed for sony music entertainment . she has released three studio albums , one live album , three soundtrack albums , one extended play and 35 singles . she was a guest performer at the eurovision song contest in 2014 . she competed for australia at the eurovision song contest in 2018 . she has also appeared in the movies " bran nue dae " ( 2010 ) and " the sapphires " ( 2012 ) . she has also starred in the drama television series " the secret daughter " since 2016 . mauboy was born in darwin , northern territory . her mother is an indigenous australian and her father is from west timor .
mike leigh , ( born 20 february 1943 ) is an english screenwriter , movie director and actor . his best known movies are " life is sweet " ( 1990 ) , " naked " ( 1993 ) , " secrets & lies " ( 1996 ) , " career girls " ( 1997 ) , " topsy - turvy " ( 1999 ) , " all or nothing " ( 2002 ) , and " vera drake " ( 2004 ) . leigh was born in brocket hall , welwyn , hertfordshire . he was bought up in broughton , salford , lancashire . he is jewish . he was married to actress alison steadman from 1973 until they divorced in 2001 . they have two sons , toby and leo . leigh lives in camden , london .
viktor fedorovych yanukovych ( ) ( born 9 july 1950 ) is a ukrainian politician who was the 4th president of ukraine from 2010 to 2014 ; he was prime minister of ukraine from november 2002 until december 2004 ( he was forced to resign ( leave office early ) on 31 december 2004 ) . he again was prime minister of ukraine from 4 august 2006 until 18 december 2007 . he is the former leader of the party of regions the biggest political party of ukraine . the party was formerly part of the ukrainian government.in november 2004 , he won the presidential election . viktor yushchenko , his opponent , said the result was false . large daily demonstrations supporting viktor yushchenko followed . they were named " the orange revolution " . ukrainian judges decided that there would be new elections in december 2004 . victor yuschenko won those elections and became president of ukraine.yanukovych was supported by vladimir putin of russia and by the former ukrainian president leonid kuchma.yushchenko claimed to have been poisoned in a bid to silence his " orange power " base . certainly , he was hospitalized and his appearance showed signs of a grave illness.in february 2010 , he won the presidential election ; yulia tymoshenko , who lost the election with a 3.48 % difference , said he won because of fraud.yanukovych was a victim of poverty in his childhood and was twice put in prison for violent crimes in his youth.after mass protest in ukraine during february 2014 , yanukovych was forced - out of office on 22 february 2014 . oleksandr turchynov became acting president .
microsoft frontpage ( full name : microsoft office frontpage ) is a program made by microsoft to help people make webpages and full websites . it was one of microsoft office programs until 2003 . microsoft frontpage was commercially available in four versions : frontpage 98 , frontpage 2000 , frontpage 2002 & frontpage 2003 . a freeware version was also included in earlier releases of internet explorer . it was called frontpage express . it was a useful web editor without costing as much as professional software . frontpage express is compatible with windows xp and some other versions of windows . frontpage express downloads are still available online from third - party hosts , such as stormthecastle.com.frontpage is a wysiwyg , " what you see is what you get " , web editor . all versions of frontpage are still in use by web developers all over the globe.the 2003 version is the last installment to the series . it was discontinued in 2006 , being replaced by microsoft expression web and microsoft office sharepoint designer.the first version of the app was made by vermeer technologies in 2005 , before its acquisition by microsoft .
taiwan , officially the republic of china ( roc ; chinese : 中華民國 ; pinyin : zhōnghuá mínguó ) , is a region and country in east asia . it is the nationalist government of china since its settlement in 1949 . it is called the republic of china ( roc ) ( also called " taiwan " ) which is a special region comprising the island of taiwan and nearby islands ( pescadores islands and parts of fujian ) . the roc government led by chinese nationalist ( kuomintang abbreviated as kmt ) moved to taiwan after the communist army took over the capital of beijing . currently , the roc government governs taipei , the capital of taiwan . taiwan is southeast of the people 's republic of china 's mainland , south of japan , and north of the philippines.taiwan has also been called formosa , a portuguese name which means " beautiful " in portuguese.the largest cities in taiwan are the capital , taipei , and the port city of kaohsiung.most people living in taiwan ( sometimes called taiwanese ) are han . taiwan has three large han groups . they speak different dialects of chinese and their ancestors came from different places : the southern fujianese ( from china 's fujian province ) , the hakka ( from china ) , and mainlanders ( from mainland china after 1948 ) . there are also taiwanese aborigines who have lived in taiwan before the han came to live there .
the celts were a large group of caucasian tribes in europe . they first appeared in the early iron age , around 1200 b.c . in austria . the name ' celt ' comes from the greeks . the romans called them " gauls " . they came from the hallstatt and la tène cultures . their culture and genes spread through much of europe , and by the time the greeks and later the romans started emerging , the british isles and parts of western , southern and eastern europe were celtic - the most prominent celtic tribes were in gaul . the celts spoke celtic languages . today , the celtic languages that remain are the breton , cornish , welsh and gaelic languages.celtic society and technology , although not as advanced as the romans , was far from being primitive for its time . the celts lived a way of life based on ethical codes and honor codes and had developed a culture of their own , full of unique drawings , sculptures , jewellery , folklore , and building designs and techniques . they were also skilled in blacksmithing , farming and diplomacy.celtic warriors would wear war paint and try to scare their enemies by shouting war cries . tribes had different dress standards for battle ; some warriors wore chainmail and / or leather armor , some wore only clothes and some were known to fight fully naked . they also had their own type of sword that was very strong and a shield that was very protective.when the roman republic started expanding , the gauls and the romans became very hostile towards each other and clashed on many occasions ; however , the romans were eventually able to defeat them and ended up conquering most of the celtic tribes in europe and ruled them until the fall of the western roman empire . celtic tribes also fought among each other . after winning a battle , the celts would cut off the heads of their enemies and take them home.during the fall of the roman empire most of the old celtic land ended up being ruled by migrating germanic tribes and they merged with romano - celtic stock ( people with both roman and celtic ancestry ) to eventually form several european nations of today e.g . portugal , spain , france , belgium , switzerland , luxembourg as well as southern and western germany . territories that are still considered celtic are ireland , wales , scotland , isle of man , cornwall and brittany .
galen of pergamum ( ad 129 – 199/217 ) was a prominent roman physician and philosopher from pergamon , a greek city in western asia minor . he was an important medical researcher during the time of the roman empire . his theories influenced western medical science for over a thousand years.he came up with the ' theory of opposites ' based upon hippocrates ' four humours ' theory , which helped develop medicine in the roman and again in the middle ages to include more natural based medicine ( rather that just religious medicine ) . some of his observations in his books were wrong , as he could only dissect animals ( mostly pigs and apes ) and compare them to humans , because he was not allowed to dissect human corpses . later on in the renaissance period people , such as andreas vesalius wrote books showing that some of what galen said was wrong.galen was vital in the beginnings of natural medicine , and is often known as the ' father of anatomy ' .
perjury is the word used for a person that tells a lie while they are under oath ( in a courtroom ) . committing perjury is against the law , and can be punished with a jail or prison sentence.perjury is a serious crime because it might be used to take away the power of a court , which can lead to punishment for the wrong person . in the united states , perjury is a federal offense , and it can be punished by five years in prison . however , in california , a person who commits perjury can get the death penalty if the perjury led to a wrongful execution.the rules of perjury also apply when a person says or does something " under penalty of perjury " , even if he or she never swore an oath . one example is the united states ' income tax return , where people have to sign as true and correct under penalty of perjury . a person can be punished by three years in prison if he or she lies on the tax return.a statement that involves " interpretation " are not perjury because people can judge incorrectly without knowing it . perjury only happens if a person wanted to do it and then actually did .
charles cecil mbe ( born 11 august 1962 ) is an english video game designer . he has worked in the interactive entertainment industry for 25 years . he is currently the managing director for uk based company revolution software which has released such critical and commercial hits as " beneath a steel sky " and the " broken sword " series . cecil is on the advisory panel of the edinburgh interactive entertainment festival , and develop conference and regularly talks at events and to mainstream press about creative and commercial aspects of the video games industry . he is also a co-founder and director of game republic , an alliance of game developers , and is a board member of screen yorkshire , a regional agency that supports movie , television and interactive entertainment in yorkshire . in 2006 , cecil was awarded the status of ‘ industry legend ’ by develop , europe ’s leading development magazine .
rodney stephen " rod " steiger ( april 14 , 1925 – july 9 , 2002 ) was an american movie , television , stage , radio , and voice actor . he was known for his roles in : " in the heat of the night " , " on the waterfront " , " the pawnbroker " , " doctor zhivago " , " oklahoma ! " , " a fistful of dynamite " , and in " mars attacks ! " . he won two bafta awards , one golden globe award , and an academy award.steiger was born on april 14 , 1925 in westhampton , new york . he studied at the actor 's studio.he was married to sally gracie from 1952 until they divorced in 1958 . then he was married to clarie bloom from 1959 until they divorced in 1969 . thirdly he was married to sherry nelson from 1973 until they divorced in 1979 . then he was married to paula ellis from 1986 until they divorced in 1997 . he was married to joan benedict from 2000 until his death in 2002 . with bloom he has a daughter , anna steiger . with ellis he has a son , michael steiger.steiger died on july 9 , 2002 in los angeles , california from pneumonia after having bladder surgery , aged 77 . he was later buried at the forest lawn memorial park cemetery in hollywood hills , california .
the night of the long knives ( german : ) or " operation hummingbird " ( ) was a purge that took place in nazi germany . it happened between 30 june and 2 july 1934 when the nazi regime executed at least 90 people for political reasons . most of those killed were members of the " storm troopers " ( sa ) ( german : ) . adolf hitler moved against the sa and its leader , ernst röhm , because he saw the independence of the sa and the penchant of its members for street violence as a direct threat to his power . hitler also wanted to forestall any move by leaders of the reichswehr , the german military , who both feared and despised the sa , to curtail his rule , especially since röhm made no secret of his ambition to absorb the reichswehr with himself at its head.finally , hitler used the purge to go against conservative critics of his regime , especially those loyal to vice-chancellor franz von papen , and to settle scores with old enemies , such as kurt von schleicher .
a corporation is a union of natural persons that has its own legal status . this status is independent from the persons involved.because it is recognized by governments as a separate entity , the corporation must file tax returns and pay taxes and conform to state and federal law . this separation of persons and corporation gives it special powers . a corporation 's status and capacity is determined by the law of the place of incorporation.investors and entrepreneurs often form joint stock companies . therefore , the term " corporation " often means such " business corporations " . corporations may also be formed for local government ( municipal corporation ) , political , religious , and charitable purposes ( not - for - profit corporation ) , or government programs ( government - owned corporation ) . condominiums are a common kind of non-profit corporation.in common speech , the word " corporation " refers usually to limited responsibility corporation . that is a business firm where each of the partners invest a sum of money in as the capital of the corporation . they receive shares for the sum they have invested . if the company becomes bankrupt , the business partners are responsible for only the name value of their shares of the company 's debts . the partners do not use their personal money to pay for the debt .
boris ii of bulgaria was an emperor ( tsar ) of bulgaria . he was emperor from 969 to 971 . his father was peter i of bulgaria . when peter died in 969 , his son boris was being held in constantinople by the byzantine emperor nicephorus ii . the byzantines apparently allowed boris to return to bulgaria . when he arrived he was immediately proclaimed tzar boris ii . sviatoslav i of kiev , who had earlier subdued parts of bulgaria , returned in august 969 and subdued the remaining parts of bulgaria . he allied himself to boris ii in order to get his bulgarian soldiers to fight against the byzantines . the new byzantine emperor , john i tzimisces invaded bulgaria . by the end of 971 all of bulgaria was in byzantine hands . by that time boris ii had abdicated .
lancaster may be
catalan might mean :
greek can mean :
george kerr may mean
cohesion may mean :
objectivity can mean :
hollister can mean :
astro can refer to :
fortune may refer to :
gibson may refer to :
lima may refer to :
jeju may refer to :
darren walsh may refer to :
a dryer can be :
there were two different american hockey associations :
the term thymus has two common meanings :
falęcin may be one of the following places :
altamira could mean any of the following :
andover is a city in iowa in the united states .
craig is a city in iowa in the united states .
salt fork arkansas river is a river in arkansas river .
brighton is a village in illinois in the united states .
fornax is a constellation in the southern sky .
the siblings are the sisters and brothers of a person .
crestwood is a village in illinois in the united states .
manor creek is a city of kentucky in the united states .
deer park is a city in ohio in the united states .
the following is a list of notable deaths in april 2014 .
girard is a city in illinois in the united states .
millry is a town of alabama in the united states .
madisonville is a city of kentucky in the united states .
correctionville is a city in iowa in the united states .
mount vernon is a city in indiana in the united states .
marianna is a city in the us state of arkansas .
mount carmel is a city in illinois in the united states .
hungary national football team is the national football team of hungary .
wilkes county is the name of two counties in the united states :
crawford county is the name of eleven counties in the united states :
higden is a town in the us state of arkansas .
adâncata is a commune found in suceava county , romania .
judsonia is a city in the us state of arkansas .
st. paul is a town in the us state of arkansas .
kelvedon is a village and town in essex , england .
montpelier is a city in idaho in the united states .
terrestrial television is a type of television broadcasting in the television signal .
the early singles is a greatest hits album by canadian singer celine dion .
newark is a city in the u.s. state of texas .
citroën xm was a car produced by citroën from 1989 through 2000 .
networking hardware is the computer equipment used in systems connected as a network .
wexford is an unincorporated community in allegheny county , pennsylvania , united states .
c - sharp ( also written as c or c # ) could mean :
champis is a commune in the ardèche " département " in southeast france .
clay county is a county in indiana . its county seat is brazil .
alto alegre is a brazilian municipality in the state of roraima .
calhoun county is a county in the u.s. state of michigan .
como 1907 is a football club that plays in como , lombardy , italy .
this is a list of the major rivers that flow through slovakia and their lengths .
külama is a village in emmaste parish , hiiu county in northwestern estonia .
de graff is a city in the u.s. state of minnesota .
babbie is a town in the u.s. state of alabama .
frankfort is a city in the state of indiana , in the united states .
külaküla is a village in emmaste parish , hiiu county in northwestern estonia .
crayford is a small town in the london borough of bexley south london
potosí is a department in bolivia . the capital city is also named potosí .
in statistics , the method of moments is a method of estimation of population parameters .
jesse lingard is a english professional footballer . he plays for manchester united .
gulshan ara akter champa is a bangladeshi film and television actress .
collex - bossy is a municipality of the canton of geneva , switzerland .
vich is a municipality in nyon in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
coinsins is a municipality in nyon in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
vänern is a lake in southern sweden . it is the largest lake in sweden .
fabio cudicini ( born 20 october 1935 ) is a former italian football player .
a country is a political division of a geographical region.country could also mean :
maysville is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in the us state of arkansas .
bad moms is a 2016 american comedy movie . it was released in july 2016 .
nobusuke kishi was a japanese politician . he was prime minister two times .
the director of the federal bureau of investigation is the head of the federal bureau of investigation .
cama is a municipality in the district of moesa in the canton of graubünden in switzerland .
termen is a municipality of the district of brig in the canton of valais in switzerland .
dully is a municipality in the district nyon in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
pleasant hill is a city in iowa in the united states . it is in polk county .
louisville / jefferson county metro government ( balance ) is a city of kentucky in the united states .
glasgow central station is a railway station in glasgow , scotland . it first opened in 1879 .
borno is one of the 36 states of nigeria . the capital is maiduguri .
chippis is a municipality of the district of sierre in the canton of valais in switzerland .
bartholomäberg is a municipality in the district of bludenz in the austrian state of vorarlberg .
charles bonnet ( march 13 , 1720 – may 20 , 1793 ) was a swiss naturalist and philosopher .
chen meng ( born 15 january 1994 in qingdao ) is a female chinese table tennis player .
elavumthitta is a town in pathanamthitta district , kerala , india .
arukalickal is a village in pathanamthitta district , kerala state , india .
nokia corporation is a finnish telecommunications company with its main office in espoo , a suburb of helsinki .
grimault is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
dows is a city in iowa in the united states . it is in franklin and wright counties .
irancy is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
gilberto ( born 25 april 1976 ) is a brazilian football player . he plays for cruzeiro .
linköping municipality ( ) is a municipality in östergötland county in southern sweden . the seat is in linköping .
alan garner obe ( born 17 october 1934 ) is an english author who writes children 's fantasy novels .
in the feudal system an overlord sometimes ruled over mesne lordsoverlord may also refer to :
trachselwald is a municipality in the administrative district of emmental in the swiss canton of berne .
johnny shines ( april 26 , 1915 – april 20 , 1992 ) was an american blues singer and guitarist .
david city is a city in nebraska in the united states . it is the county seat of butler county .
stevie wonder : the definitive collection is a greatest hits album , released in 2002 , by american singer stevie wonder .
falmouth is a city of kentucky in the united states . it is the county seat of pendleton county
the is a japanese term for both an ancient division of the country and the main road running through the region .
the list of subcamps of sachsenhausen shows forced labour facilities of the sachsenhausen concentration camp .
the cathedral quarter is an area in belfast , northern ireland . it is around st anne 's cathedral .
santa luzia is an island of the cape verde archipelago . it covers an area of 35 km ² .
robbie fowler ( born 9 april 1975 ) is an english football player . he plays for north queensland fury .
antonio ascari ( 15 september 1888 – 26 july 1925 ) was an italian grand prix motor racing champion .
the liliaceae , or the lily family , is a family of flowering plants in the order liliales .
asylum may refer : in music : in entertainment : in fiction : in non-fiction : in gamingin radio
ramous is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
urost is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
lovatens is a municipality in the broye - vully district in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
ismael falcón ( born 24 april 1984 ) is a spanish football player . he plays for hércules cf .
repentance is an act recognized in judaism , christianity , and islam.repentance may also refer to :
örkelljunga is an urban area in the county of scania in sweden . it is the seat of örkelljunga municipality .
alingsås is an urban area in the county of västra götaland in sweden . it is the seat of alingsås municipality .
debra baptist - estrada is a port commander from belize . in 2016 she received the international women of courage award .
hermeskeil is a town in rhineland - palatinate , germany.about 5,000 people live there .
viva blue is the line running on yonge street in toronto , canada , part of the york region transit line .
the hanshin tigers are a japanese baseball team . they are based in the kansai region in central japan .
richard montgomery ( december 2 , 1738 - december 31 , 1775 ) was a general in the american war for independence .
a trauma center is a hospital equipped to be able to help patients 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .
john enoch powell , mbe ( 16 june 1912 – 8 february 1998 ) was a british politician in the conservative party .
bugnein is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
uerkheim is a municipality of the district of zofingen in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
grandevent is a municipality in the jura - nord vaudois district in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
pennagaram taluk is a taluk in dharmapuri district in tamil nadu . the headquarters is pennagaram town .
irissarry is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
émerson leão ( born 11 july 1949 ) is a former brazilian football player . he has played for brazil national team .
hillside lake is a hamlet and census - designated place ( cdp ) in dutchess county , new york , united states .
stara zagora is a province of bulgaria . the capital city is also named stara zagora .
the executive yuan ( ey ; ) is the executive branch of the government of the republic of china ( roc ) .
sérgio conceição ( born 15 november 1974 ) is a former portuguese football player . he has played for portugal national team .
earthfall ( 1995 ) is the fourth book of the homecoming saga . it was written by orson scott card in 1995 .
omet is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
manuele blasi ( born 17 august 1980 ) is an italian football player . he plays for città di palermo .
vittsjö is a locality in hässleholm municipality in skåne county in sweden . in 2010 , 1,665 people lived there .
kareby is a locality in kungälv municipality in västra götaland county in sweden . in 2010 , 292 people lived there .
lopérec ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
warendorf is a " kreis " ( district ) in the northern part of north rhine - westphalia , germany .
dals - ed municipality ( ) is a municipality in västra götaland county in southern sweden . the seat is in ed .
bruce hampton ( born gustav valentine berglund iii ; april 30 , 1947 – may 1 , 2017 ) was an american musician .
kathryn janeway is a character in the american tv series " " . she is the captain of the starship voyager .
brandãozinho ( born 9 june 1925 ) is a former brazilian football player . he has played for brazil 's national team .
rendsburg ( danish : " rendsborg " ) is a town in schleswig - holstein with 30,000 people .
john charles ( 27 december 1931 - 21 february 2004 ) was a welsh football player . he has played for wales national team .
eleanore of provence ( c. 1223 – 26 june 1291 ) was the queen consort of king henry iii of england .
yankee doodle dandy is a 1942 biographical musical movie . it starred james cagney as george m. cohan .
kiruna municipality ( ) is a municipality in norrbotten county in northern sweden . the seat is in kiruna .
nicolas anelka ( born 14 march 1979 ) is a french football player . he plays for chelsea and france national team .
beyrie - en - béarn is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
lineville is a city in clay county , alabama , united states . at the 2000 census the population was 2,401 .
ljusdal municipality ( ) is a municipality in gävleborg county in northern sweden . the seat is in ljusdal .
shoreline is a city in king county , washington , united states . as of 2010 , 53,007 people lived in shoreline .
the bathurst 1000 is a car race held at mount panorama , bathurst , new south wales , australia . it is held every year .
paul mebus ( 9 june 1920 - 12 december 1993 ) was a german football player . he played for west germany national team .
bulk cargo is a type of cargo that is carried in big amounts . bulk cargo can be gases , liquids , coal , and wheat .
manuel josé quintana y lorenzo ( april 11 , 1772 - march 11 , 1857 ) , poet , was born at madrid , spain .
2019 ( mmxix ) was a common year starting on tuesday in the gregorian calendar . it was the last year of the 2010s .
trilenium is the third studio album released by the german dj group sash ! . the album was released on 22 may 2000 .
the phoenix dwarf is a galaxy discovered as a mistaken globular cluster . it 's correctly 1.14 mly away the earth
kelly deane melissa rutherford ( born on november 6 , 1968 in elizabethtown , kentucky , u.s. ) is an american actress .
gustavo adrián lópez ( born 13 april , 1973 ) is a former argentine football player . he has played for the argentinian national team .
loqueffret ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
bullet to the head is a 2012 action thriller movie . sylvester stallone and christian slater star . the earlier plays a hitman .
the donnas were a hard rock band from palo alto , california . they were formed in 1993 . the members are all girls .
peterhead football club is a professional football club from peterhead , scotland . peterhead fc is currently playing in the scottish second division .
paul mcshane ( born 6 january 1986 ) is an irish football player . he plays for hull city and republic of ireland national team .
achtkarspelen is a municipality of friesland , the netherlands . in 2016 the municipality had about 28,000 people .
vezot is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
parigné - l'évêque is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
ohio wesleyan university is a private university in delaware , ohio and a member of the five colleges of ohio . wesleyan was founded in september 1844 .
pirelli & c. spa is a diverse ( it does many things ) company based in milan , italy . it operates in many countries .
" marinilabiliaceae " is a family of bacteria . the cells are flexible rods and thin . mostly species are able to move smoothly .
stigma ( plural : stigmata ) may refer to : in biology : in discrimination : in literature : in music : in sociology : in other fields :
beaurevoir is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
roy john romanow , ( born august 12 , 1939 ) is a canadian politician . he was the 12th premier of saskatchewan from 1991 to 2001 .
this is a list of notable people born in , residents of , or otherwise closely associated with the city of springfield , missouri and its surrounding metropolitan area .
sheringham is a town and civil parish in north norfolk , england . in 2001 , 7,143 people lived in sheringham .
a breviary is a liturgical book that contains the divine office assigned to the canonical hours . they must be recited by those in religious orders .
the flag of saint lucia has a light blue field charged with a yellow triangle in front of a white - fimbriated black isosceles triangle .
zoosemiotics is a branch of semiotics ( and of biosemiotics ) that studies sign processes and communication in animals .
dejan lovren ( born 5 july 1989 ) is a croatian football player . he plays as a defender for liverpool and croatia national team .
the ansgar 's church ( ) is a church building in the town of jönköping in sweden . it belongs to the uniting church in sweden .
hinwil is one of the twelve districts of the german - speaking canton of zurich , switzerland . the capital is the city of hinwil .
vientiane is the capital city of laos . it is in the mekong valley , and over two hundred thousand people live in its central area .
alphamstone is a village and civil parish in braintree district , essex , england . in 2001 there were 177 people living in alphamstone .
jacksonwald is a community in exeter township , pennsylvania , united states . it is less than a mile from the borough of st. lawrence , pennsylvania .
the gibson les paul is an electric guitar that has been made by gibson since 1952 . it is one of the most popular electric guitars of all time .
salavre is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
samognat is a commune . it is found in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region in the ain department in the east of france .
saint - jouin is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
la boissière - des - landes is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
cotopaxi ( ) is one of the provinces of ecuador . the capital is latacunga . the province has the cotopaxi volcano .
clute is a city in , brazoria county , texas . as of the 2010 united states census , 11,211 lived in the city .
chevry is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
semeval ( semantic evaluation ) is a series of workshops that focus on evaluating computer systems that interpret the meaning of human language ( aka computational semantic systems ) .
la folletière - abenon is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
sabana larga ( in english , " long savanna " ) is a dominican municipal district of comendador in the elías piña province near the border with haiti .
saint - paul - mont - penit is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
constituency pk - 96 ( dir lower - iii ) is a constituency for the khyber pakhtunkhwa assembly of the khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan .
hyde park is a village in the town of hyde park , lamoille county , vermont , united states . the population was 462 at the 2010 census .
kenneth wregget ( born march 25 , 1964 ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender . he won the stanley cup in 1992 with the pittsburgh penguins .
jump blues is a type of up - tempo blues music . it has a jazzy , saxophone ( or brass instruments ) sound , driving rhythms and shouted vocals .
bissen ( ) is a commune in luxembourg . it is part of the canton of mersch.as of 2019 , 3,183 people live here .
graceland is a 13.8 acre estate and large white - colored mansion that was owned by elvis presley . it is located at memphis , tennessee , usa .
the 1978 fifa world cup was a football sporting event that was held in argentina in 1978 . argentina won the trophy after beating holland 3 - 1 in the final .
merrifield is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in fairfax county , virginia , united states . the population was 15,212 at the 2010 census .
the kutchi people ( gujarati : કચ્છી , ) live in the rann of kutch region of the northwestern indian state of gujarat , and in the sindh province of pakistan .
saint - hilaire - de-riez is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
lorenz park is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in columbia county , new york , united states . the population was 2,053 at the 2010 census .
amayé - sur - seulles is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
sea snail is a common term for gastropods which live in the sea ( marine gastropods ) . it is not a formal term , just a term in common use .
wiener neustadt is a city in the austrian state of lower austria . it is about south of vienna . about 50,000 people lived there in 2016 .
the national library of the czech republic ( ) is the central library of the czech republic . the main part of the library is in the clementinum building of prague .
kendall county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 33,410 people lived there . the county seat is boerne .
lewis & clark college is a private university in portland , oregon . the school was formed in 1867 , and has about 3,600 students , and about 150 teachers .
bears are a group of large mammals . they form the family " ursidae " , in the order " carnivora " . the word bear could also mean :
chartèves is a commune . it is in the picardie region in the aisne department in the north of france . in 2012 , 359 people lived there .
pressy is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
thiruvidaimarudur is a panchayat town in thanjavur district in tamil nadu , india . the popular mahalingeshwar temple is located here .
wanquetin is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
pittefaux is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
cumberland county is a county in the u.s. state of pennsylvania . as of the 2010 census , the population was 235,406 . its county seat is carlisle .
florence county is a county in the state of south carolina , united states . as of the 2010 census , 136,885 people lived there . its county seat is florence .
juan de dios martínez mera ( 9 march 1875 – 27 october 1955 ) was president of ecuador from 1932 to 1933 . in quito , a main avenue is named after him .
the chinese academy of sciences ( cas , formerly : academia sinica ) is the supreme institution for all the natural science organisations in china . the academy was established in 1949 in beijing .
rimplas is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the alpes - maritimes department in the south of france .
dompierre - sur - chalaronne is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
colcannon is an irish dish made of cabbage or kale and mashed potatoes . milk , butter , salt and pepper are usually added . it is usually eaten around halloween .
ramona is a town in the eastern part of the u.s. state of south dakota . it is located in lake county , and 174 people lived there at the 2010 census .
saint - ghislain is a municipality in the belgian province of hainaut.in 2007 , 22536 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 26 north , 03 ° 49 east .
" we all sleep alone " is a hit song from cher 's 1987 album " cher " . the song was released in late january 1988 . there are several versions of the song .
a doorbell is a device which is typically installed to or near a door . when a visitor presses a button , the bell rings inside the building , alerting the presence of the visitor .
a funicular is a railway that uses trains that are pulled by cables wound around a pulley . this makes them able to climb very steep slopes , like those on hills and mountains .
billings county is a county located in the u.s. state of north dakota . as of the 2010 census , 783 people lived there . the county seat is medora .
putnam county is a county in the u.s. state of new york . as of the 2010 census , 99,710 people lived there . the county seat is carmel .
min yoon - gi ( ; born march 9 , 1993 ) , better known by his stage names suga and agust d , is a south korean rapper , songwriter , and record producer .
kick the can crew is a japanese hip - hop group . the style is 3mc and 1dj . the group was started by 1996 , but it broke up in 2004 .
joana sainz garcia ( 1989 – september 1 , 2019 ) was a spanish singer , dancer , and songwriter from madrid , spain . she was killed in a stage explosion in september 2019 .
geomyoidea is a superfamily of rodents that contains the pocket gophers ( geomyidae ) , the kangaroo rats and mice ( heteromyidae ) , and their fossil relatives .
matteson is a village in cook county , illinois , united states and southern suburb of chicago . the population was 12,928 at the 2000 census and 19,009 in 2010 .
nicolás ardito barletta vallarino ( born august 21 , 1938 ) is a panamanian politician . he was the president from october 11 , 1984 to september 28 , 1985 .
malagasy wikipedia is the malagasy language edition of wikipedia . malagasy is an austronesian language mostly spoken in madagascar as the first language . it is also the national language of madagascar .
ouray county is a county in the state of colorado in the united states . as of the 2010 census , 4,436 people lived there . the county seat is ouray .
oliver wolcott ( december 1 , 1726 – december 1 , 1797 ) , was a signer of the united states declaration of independence and also the articles of confederation as a representative of connecticut .
thomas ellis gibson ( born july 3 , 1962 ) is an american actor and director , best known for the television series " chicago hope " , " dharma & greg " and " criminal minds " .
garvin county is a county in the u.s. state of oklahoma . as of 2000 , 27,210 people lived there . its county seat is pauls valley .
joshua baret henderson ( born october 25 , 1981 ) is an american actor , model and singer , best known for the role of john ross ewing iii on the tnt revival of " dallas " .
hamont - achel is a municipality in the belgian province of limburg.in 2007 , 13863 people lived there.it is at 51 ° 15 north , 05 ° 32 east .
freightliner trucks is a truck brand of daimler ag , which owns the premium automobile brand of mercedes benz . freightliners are manufactured in the united states , in canada and mexico applications .
bell county is a county in the u.s. state of kentucky . as of the 2010 census , the population was 28,691 . its county seat is pineville .
denmead is a village in hampshire near portsmouth , england . it is part of the city of winchester district . at the 2011 census the population had increased to 6,736 .
phaseolus lunatus , commonly known as the lima bean ( ) , butter bean , sieva bean , double bean or madagascar bean , is a legume grown for its edible seeds or beans .
cache county is a county in the u.s. state of utah . as of the 2010 census , the county had a population of 112,656 . the county seat is logan .
any mountain that as a topographic prominence of or more is known as an ultra . there are 26 mountains in mexico that qualify as ultras . this is a sort - able list of them .
the scottish premiership is a professional football competition for professional clubs in scotland . it is the top level of the scottish professional football league , starting in july 2013 after the closure of the scottish premier league .
flushing is a city in genesee county in the u.s. state of michigan . the population was 8,389 at the 2010 census . flushing is considered a suburb of flint .
harads is a locality in boden municipality in norrbotten county in sweden . it is located approximately 50 kilometres south of the arctic circle . in 2010 , 501 people lived there .
the western romance languages are a branch of romance languages . the main languages in the branch are spanish , french , and portuguese . the branch has two parts , gallo - romance and iberian romance .
the story follows the life of tomoya okazaki , a high school delinquent who meets many people in his last year at school , including five girls , and helps resolve their individual problems .
sainte - marie - kerque is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
shankar lalwani ( born 16 october 1961 ) is an indian politician and member of parliament in the 17th lok sabha from indore . he also held previously the position of chairman in indore development authority .
grono is a municipality of the district moesa in the swiss canton of graubünden . on 1 january 2017 the former municipalities of leggia and verdabbio merged into the municipality of grono .
the volkswagen scirocco is a automobile produced by volkswagen from 1982 to 1992 and again since 2008 . the scirocco is a sports coupé with 3 doors and a 4 - cylinder petrol or diesel engine .
molly of denali is an american - canadian animated television show . " molly of denali " premiered on july 15 , 2019 by atomic cartoons and wgbh kids for pbs kids and cbc television .
halbe zijlstra ( born january 21 , 1969 in oosterwolde , friesland ) is a dutch politician of the people 's party for freedom and democracy ( vvd ) .
northern california is a region of california . the definitions of it vary , but it usually contains the area around san francisco and sacramento . 10,000,000 people live in northern california .
warcraft iii : the frozen throne is a real - time strategy video game . it is published by blizzard entertainment . it is the expansion set of " " . it was released in 2003 .
bus , pas - de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
raye - sur - authie is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
coustaussa is a commune of 52 people ( 2017 ) . it is in the region occitanie in the aude department in the south of france . it has a ruined castle .
the arrondissement of caen is an arrondissement of france . it is in the department of calvados , in a region called basse - normandie . it has 24 cantons and 288 communes .
aruppukkottai taluk is a taluk of virudhunagar district of the indian state of tamil nadu . the headquarters of the taluk is the town of aruppukkottai .
coca - cola cherry , originally known as cherry coke , is a cherry - flavored type of coca - cola . it was introduced in 1985 . it is a product of the coca - cola company .
" mysterious " is the third and final single by jentina from her self titled debut album , " jentina " . it was released only in italy where it reached number 49 on the italian charts . .
schifflange ( , ) is a commune in luxembourg . it is part of the canton of esch - sur - alzette.as of 2019 , 11,180 people live here .
any mountain that has a topographic prominence of or more is known as an ultra . there are 128 mountains in the united states that qualify as ultras . this is a sort - able list of them .
bollène is a commune of 13,835 people ( 2006 ) . it is in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
herne is a german city , in the state of north rhine - westphalia , belonging to the ruhr area . it is part of the arnsberg government regionit has about 170,000 inhabitants .
weaver is a city in calhoun county , alabama , united states . at the 2000 census the population was 2,619 . it is included in the anniston - oxford , alabama metropolitan statistical area .
kembangan mrt station ( ew6 ) is an mrt station in singapore . it is along the east west mrt line . the station is above - ground with platform screen doors .
sobek was the ancient egyptian god of the nile . in art , he was shown with the head of a crocodile . in temples to sobek , live crocodiles were kept in pools to honor him .
andrus ansip ( born 1 october 1956 ) is an estonian politician . he was the prime minister of estonia from 2005 to 2014 . he is chairman of the market liberal estonian reform party ( ) .
the diocese of strängnäs ( ) a diocese of the church of sweden , established in the 12th century . spanning across the swedish historical provinces of närke , södermanland and västmanland , it uses the strängnäs cathedral as its seat .
jasper county is a county found in the u.s. state of mississippi . as of the 2010 census , 17,062 people lived there . its county seats are bay springs and paulding .
saint - pierre - de-vassols is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
trypanosomiasis is the name for several diseases , caused by parasites of the genus " tryposoma " : there are also various diseases that only affect animals , caused by such parasites , amongst others :
super mario kart is a super nintendo entertainment system racing game and the first main installment for the " mario kart " series , made by nintendo . it has eight playable characters from the " mario " series .
aleksandër meksi ( born 8 march 1939 ) is an albanian politician . he was the 28th prime minister of albania from 13 april 1992 to 11 march 1997 . he was a member of the democratic party .
agno is a municipality of the district of lugano in the canton of ticino in switzerland.it is known for being the municipality where lugano airport is situated.it is not far from the city of lugano
david hellenius ( born 28 february 1974 ) is a swedish comedian and television host . he has hosted " idol 2004 " and the celebrity dance show " let 's dance " for ten seasons as of 2015 .
karl - josef rauber ( born 11 april 1934 ) is a cardinal of the catholic church . he was a papal nuncio from 1982 until his retirement in 2009 . he was born in nuremberg , nazi germany .
grillon is a commune of 1,686 people ( 1999 ) . it is in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
augst ( swiss german : " augscht " ) is a municipality of the district liestal in the canton of basel - landschaft in switzerland . it was known as augusta raurica in roman times .
rutherford county is a county located in the southwestern area of the u.s. state of north carolina . as of the 2010 census , the population was 67,810 . its county seat is rutherfordton .
chippewa county is a county in the u.s. state of michigan . as of the 2010 census , 38,520 people live here . the county seat is sault ste . marie .
beatboxing is making percussive noises with the mouth , lips , tongue and voice . performers try an imitate the sounds of a drum machine . it is used a lot in hip - hop music .
kalawao county is a county in the u.s. state of hawaii . the county encompasses the kalaupapa or makanalua peninsula , on the north coast of the island of molokaʻi .
david lloyd pollock ( born 17 november 1942 ) is an australian politician . he is a member of the country liberal party . he served as a member of the northern territory legislative assembly for macdonnell from 1974 to 1977 .
aubignan is a commune of 3,877 people ( 1999 ) . it is in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
mooresville is a large town located in southern iredell county , north carolina , united states and is a part of the fast - growing charlotte metro . the population was 32,711 at the 2010 united states census .
stardust memories is a 1980 comedy drama movie directed by woody allen ( who also stars ) and starring charlotte rumping , daniel stern , sharon stone , jessica harper , and cynthia gibb . it was distributed by united artists .
perceptual psychology is a subfield of cognitive psychology that is concerned specifically with the pre-conscious innate aspects of the human cognitive system or perception . a pioneer of this field was j. j. gibson .
refining is the name for a number of processes that purify or concentrate a substance . the name is used for natural resources , food and technical products . the place where this is done , is often called a refinery .
beth grant ( born september 18 , 1949 ) is an american character actress . between 2012 and 2017 , she was a series regular on the television comedy " the mindy project " playing the role of beverly janoszewski .
the covalent radius is the radius of an atom that is measured when that atom is in a covalent bond . it is normally measured in picometers . it is normally found by x-ray diffraction .
allah - rakha rahman is an indian composer , singer , songwriter , music composer and philanthropist . a. r. rahman 's works are famous for combining indian classical music with electronic music , world music and traditional orchestral arrangements .
the hateful eight is a 2015 american western movie written and directed by quentin tarantino . it is about eight violent people who , during a blizzard , meet in a inn and learn they may have reasons to fight each other .
, also known as tembun or temmon , was a after " kyōroku " and before " kōji . " this period started in july 1532 and ended in october 1555 . during this time , the emperor was .
" all good things ( come to an end ) " is a pop song by the canadian singer - songwriter nelly furtado . it was released at the end of 2006 . it hit number - one in the european charts .
eldest is the second book in the " inheritance cycle " by christopher paolini . it comes after " eragon " and was first published in hardcover on august 23 , 2005 . the paperback came out in september of 2006 .
the jack russell terrier is a small dog with a white coat that can be smooth or rough - coated . some have a broken coat that is also called " wire - haired " . this terrier is good at fox hunting .
albert bruce sabin ( august 26 , 1906 – march 3 , 1993 ) was a polish - born american medical researcher best known for having developed an oral polio vaccine . he received many awards and honors including the presidential medal of freedom .
jelena janković ( born 28 february 1985 in belgrade ) is a professional tennis player from serbia . she is a former world no. 1 singles player . janković reached 2008 us open finals where she lost to serena williams in straight sets .
madurai district is one of the 32 districts in tamil nadu , south india . madurai district is the second largest district by population . madurai is the headquarters of this district . it is an important place for making movies .
the velino is a river in central italy that flows through the lazio and umbria regions but flows mainly through the lazio region . it is the main tributary of the nera river which is tributary of the tiber river .
barrie is a city and manifesting regional centre in ontario , canada , located on the shores of kempenfelt bay , the western arm of lake simcoe.barrie is located north of toronto , northeast of detroit and west of ottawa .
the guardian is a british newspaper . it is published every day , except on sunday . it is owned by the same company as the observer , which only publishes on sunday . " the guardian " is edited by katharine viner .
seii ( ; 1326 – c. 1354 ) was the 2 king of the okinawan kingdom of chūzan . he ruled after his father , tamagusuku , in 1336 , when he was only ten years old .
the arrondissement of valenciennes , also known as valenciennois , is an arrondissement of france , in the nord department , hauts - de-france region . its capital is the city of valenciennes .
prince frederick is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in the u.s. state of maryland . it is the county seat of calvert county . as of the 2010 census , the cdp 's population was 2,538 .
spark masayuki matsunaga ( october 8 , 1916april 15 , 1990 ) was an american politician . he was united states senator for hawaii from 1977 until his death in 1990 . he was a member of the democratic party .
bhanwar lal sharma ( 17 april 1945 ) was an indian politician and businessman . he was born in rajasthan , india . sharma was a member of the rajasthan legislative assembly from 1985 to 1993 , 1996 to 2008 and incumbent from 2013 .
porto novo is a municipality in cape verde . it is on the island of santo antão . its capital city is also named porto novo.its highest point is tope de coroa , elevation . the municipality has 2 civil parishes :
dan goeb patrick ( born dannie scott goeb ; april 4 , 1950 ) is an american radio talk show host , television broadcaster , and politician . he has been the 42nd lieutenant governor of texas since january 2015 , under greg abbott .
the college board is a group that manages standardized tests in the united states , like the sat , to test students ' abilities in certain subject areas . it was founded in 1900 , known then as the college entrance examination board ( ceeb ) .
the gendarmerie means either the place where gendarmes are stationed or a military armed force . the gendarmerie is part of the army . in places where gendarmes are deployed outside , they also have a provost function .
the steeplechase is a kind of horse racing that is done in the united kingdom , united states , france , ireland and australia . the horses have to jump a number of hurdles ( like a fence ) that are put up across the track .
marija šerifović ( born november 14 , 1984 ) is a singer who won the eurovision song contest in 2007 with the ballad molitva , which was sung in serbian . she was born in kragujevac , serbia . nina badrić
sanborn county is a county located in the u.s. state of south dakota . as of the 2010 census , 2,355 people lived there . its county seat is woonsocket . it was founded in 1883 .
péter medgyessy ( born 19 october 1942 ) is a hungarian politician . he was the fifth prime minister of hungary . he served as prime minister from may 2002 to september 2004 . medgyessy was born in budapest , hungary .
ermsdorf ( ) is a former commune in luxembourg . it was part of the canton of diekirch.on 1 january 2012 , the commune was merged with medernach to form the new commune of vallée de l'ernz .
mousehunt is a popular game on facebook . the game is about you catching different kinds of mice using different traps and bases and different kinds of cheeses . to move up levels , you must get more points by catching more unique mice .
court shoes , also called pumps , are shoes with a low cut front and usually without a fastening . they can be made under any material , although patent leather is the most popular . the shoes are often worn with formal and informal dresses .
mundon is a village and civil parish in maldon district , essex , england . in 2001 there were 356 people living in mundon . mundon has a church called st mary which went redundant on 14/04/1970 .
lakeside is a census designated place ( cdp ) in san diego county , california . the population was 20,648 at the 2010 census , up from 19,560 as of the 2000 census . it is located near san diego , california .
aminomethyl propanol is a clear , colored liquid that neutralizes acids to create salts and water . it is used for the preparation of buffer solutions . it does not dissolve in water . it has about the same density as water .
the rump parliament was the name given to parliament until 1660 of the english parliament that followed the long parliament , after pride 's purge of december 6 1648 had removed those members of parliament that were against the plan to try king charles i for high treason .
wikimania is an international conference on wikis like wikipedia . it is organized by the wikimedia foundation and brings together authors , programmers , and researchers . it was started in 2005 . wikimania has been in the following places :
shrewsbury is a town in worcester county , massachusetts , united states . the population was 35,644 according to the 2010 us census , in nearly 12,400 households.shrewsbury is home to three current and one former nationally registered historic places :
tough guys is a 1986 american action comedy movie directed by jeff kanew and starring burt lancaster , kirk douglas , eli wallach , dana carvey , charles durning , darlanne fluegel . it was distributed by touchstone pictures .
middlemarch , a study of provincial life is the best - known book written by english author george eliot , first published in eight volumes during 1871 – 72 . the novel is set in the fictional midlands town of middlemarch during 1829 – 32 .
pepin i of aquitaine , ( or pepin v of aquitaine , ca . 797 - 838 ) was the carolingian dynasty king of aquitaine from 814 to 838 . he was the second son of emperor louis the pius .
timo bernd hübers ( born 20 july 1996 ) is a german professional footballer . he plays as a defender for hannover 96 . on 11 march 2020 , during the 2019 – 20 coronavirus pandemic , hübers tested positive for covid - 19 .
parnelia augustine ( 1884 – 1960 ) was an american painter . her works are shown in the museum of nebraska art ( mona ) . she tied with another artist and won the american beauty roses in the lincoln artists ’ guild all - nebraska show .
mohave county is in the northwestern corner of the u.s. state of arizona . as of the 2010 census , the population was 200,186 . the county seat is kingman , and largest city is lake havasu city .
taivalkoski is a municipality in northern ostrobothnia , finland . about 4,250 people lived there in january 2014 . the municipalities next to it are kuusamo , posio , pudasjärvi and suomussalmi .
denis patrick seamus o'hare ( born january 17 , 1962 ) is an american actor . he plays russell edgington on hbo 's fantasy series " true blood " . he is known for his multiple roles on " american horror story " .
sant ' antonio is a former municipality , in the municipality of bellinzona and the district bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland.this municipality is not to be confused with the municipality of sant ' antonino of the same district .
coudray - rabut is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2019 , it was merged into the commune of pont - l'évêque .
presidio of ahú was a prison in the city of curitiba , paraná , brazil.it was the first prison in curitiba , opened in 1905 . closed in 2006 , now is the site of recordings for film and television , such as :
viqueque ( tetum : vikeke ) is the largest of the municipalities of east timor . the name comes from the ancient name " " we keke " " ; " we " means " water " and " keke " " bracelet " .
jessica alice feinmann wade bem is a british physicist and activist . she works in the blackett laboratory at imperial college london , researching polymer - based light - emitting diodes . she is also an activist that promotes women in science , specifically physics .
the satellite awards are annual awards given by the international press academy that are commonly known in entertainment industry journals and blogs.the awards were originally known as the golden satellite awards . the award ceremonies take place each year at the intercontinental hotel in century city , los angeles .
boyd county is a county in the u.s. state of nebraska . as of the 2010 census , 2,099 people lived there . the county seat is butte . it was founded in 1891 and named after governor james e. boyd .
dardistan ( perso - arabic : داردستان ) is a name for the northern pakistan , and kashmir in the upper indus valleys and parts of north - eastern afghanistan . it is inhabited by the dards speaking dardic languages .
meherrin is a small unincorporated community in lunenburg and prince edward counties in the u.s. state of virginia . it is about 18.6 miles by road south of farmville . in 2000 , the population was 1,838 .
the cornell university press is part of cornell university . it is in sage house , where henry william sage used to live . it started in 1869 . it was the first university publishing company in the united states . it did nothing from 1884 to 1930 .
graves ' disease is an autoimmune disease of the thyroid . in people affected by the disease , the thyroid produces a bigger quantity of hormones than normal , which is commonly known as hyperthyroidism . it occurs more often in women than men .
enquin - lez - guinegatte is a commune in the pas - de-calais department of northern france . it was incorporated on 1 january 2017 by the combination of the former communes of enquin - les - mines and enguinegatte .
horst is a municipality of the district of steinburg , in schleswig - holstein , germany . as of 31 december 2018 , 5,709 people lived there . it is about 14 km southeast of itzehoe , and 7 km northwest of elmshorn .
kieren john perkins oam ( born 14 august 1973 ) , is an australian professional sportsman . he is best known as a swimmer.perkins won two olympic gold medals in 1992 and 1996 in the 1500 - metre freestyle , and a silver medal in 2000 .
troup county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia . as of 2000 , 58,779 people lived there . the 2007 census estimate showed 63,535 people living there . the county seat is lagrange .
irony is a term for a figure of speech . irony is when something happens that is opposite from what is expected . it can often be funny , but it is also used in tragedies . there are many types of irony , including those listed below :
return to never land ( also known as peter pan in disney 's return to never land ) is a 2002 american animated movie . it was produced by disneytoon studios in sydney , australia . the movie is a sequel to the 1953 " peter pan " .
oneonta is a city in blount county , alabama , united states . at the 2000 census the population was 5,576 . the city is the county seat of blount county . oneonta is home to the covered bridge festival .
the imja khola ( ) is a tributary of dudh kosi river which flows in estern part of nepal . this river is on the trekking route which passes through the rhododendron forest in everest base camp region . < br >
simei mrt station ( ew3 ) is a mass rapid transit ( mrt ) station on the east west line in tampines , singapore . this station mainly serves simei , a residential estate which is part of the larger tampines new town .
all quiet on the western front ( original german title : " im westen nichts neues " , literally : " nothing new on the western front " ) is a famous book by the german author erich maria remarque . it was first published in 1929 .
khitan or khitai were a nomadic people in northeastern asia , from the fourth century , who lived in the region of mongolia , northeastern china and russian far east . khitans spoke the khitan language , which is close to the mongolic languages .
torrie anne wilson ( born july 24 , 1975 in boise , idaho ) is a retired professional wrestler . she was best known for her time with world wrestling entertainment . she 's a former wwe women 's champion . she has also modeled for playboy magazine .
saint - vigor - des - mézerets is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune of terres de druance .
lingwa de planeta ( also lidepla or ldp ) is a constructed international auxiliary language . it uses words from the ten most widely spoken languages in the world : arabic , chinese , english , spanish , german , hindi , persian , portuguese , russian and french .
this is a list of the 125 most prominent mountain peaks . topographic prominence of a peak is the independence of the summit from whatever is around it . it is " the elevation difference between the summit and the lowest contour line encircling it and no higher summit " .
wolfram siebeck ( 19 september 1928 – 7 july 2016 ) was a german journalist , author and food critic . he used to criticize fast food , tv dinners , subsidized agriculture and intensive animal farming . siebeck was born in duisburg .
barbara gross ( born 20 november 1993 ) is a german wheelchair basketball player . she won a silver medal at the 2016 summer paralympics.she played at the 2015 women 's u25 wheelchair basketball world championship and 2018 wheelchair basketball world championship.she played for university of alabama .
butler county is a county of the u.s. state of alabama . its name is in honor of captain william butler , who was born in virginia and fought in the creek war . as of 2010 the population was 20,947 . its county seat is greenville .
richmond is a town in washington county , rhode island . it is in the southwestern region . at the 2010 census , 7,708 people lived in richmond . in 2015 , 7,635 people lived in the town . there are several villages in the town .
kahuta tehsil ( ) is one of the seven tehsils ( subdivisions ) of rawalpindi district in the punjab province of pakistan . the neighbouring tehsil of kotli sattian used to be part of kahuta , but was later created as a separate tehsil .
taste buds are small ' bumps ' on the tongue . they are the sense organs which detect the taste of things that go into the mouth . they are involved in detecting the five ( known ) elements of taste perception : salty , sour , bitter , sweet , and umami .
the wwe smackdown women 's championship is a wrestling championship in wwe competed by women of the " smackdown live " brand . it was created after the return of the brand extension . the wwe women 's championship became exclusive of " raw " . the current champion is charlotte flair
gárdony , " the capital of lake velencei " , is a holiday resort on the south side of the lake . it is 45 kilometers from budapest and 20 kilometers from székesfehérvár . it has active recreation , entertainment facilities , different kinds of accommodation and restaurants for the whole year .
styx was an american rock band . they were one of the most popular groups of the 1970s and early 1980s . they formed in chicago in 1972 . they were the first band to have four platinum albums in a row . they continued playing after reuniting in 1990 .
the town of del norte is a statutory town that is the county seat of rio grande county , colorado , united states . the town 's name is generally pronounced / ˈdɛl nɔɹt / . the town population was 1,686 at the 2010 census .
bidonì ( " bidunìu " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of oristano in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 145 people lived there . its area is 11.72 km ² . it is 250 meters above sea level .
neil f. hartigan ( born may 4 , 1938 ) is an american democrat . he was illinois attorney general , the 40th lieutenant governor , and a justice of the illinois appellate court.hartigan also was the democratic nominee for governor in 1990 but lost the race to republican jim edgar .
the holy trinity church ( german : " dreifaltigkeitskirche " ) is the largest protestant church in worms , germany . it was built between 1701 and 1717 . the baroque hall building is centrally located on the market square and is very close to the cathedral .
the senate of romania is one of the two parts of the parliament . it has 137 seats as of november , 2004 . after the romanian revolution of 1989 , the senate met in the " palatul senatului " . that building is found in the revolution square .
jack angel ( born october 24 , 1930 ) is an american actor , voice artist , and comedian . he is known for his many voice roles in children 's shows and movies . he was the voice of chunk , shark , and rocky gibraltar in the " toy story " franchise .
88 minutes is a 2007 american crime drama thriller mystery movie . it is set in seattle and stars al pacino . he gets a call on his cell phone by a deep - voiced person telling him he only has 88 minutes to live . benjamin mckenzie is also in the movie .
a bowl is a container for food . it can hold liquids , such as soups and solids , like popcorn . people also prepare salads in it . a bowl is like a ball cut in half . bowls are usually made from glass , ceramic , wood or plastic .
" the red room " is a short gothic story written in 1894 by h. g. wells . it was first published in march 1896 in a magazine called " the idler " . it is about a man who does not believe in ghosts and women who try to make him believe .
larry paul langford ( march 17 , 1946 – january 8 , 2019 ) was an american politician and convicted criminal . he was the mayor of the city of birmingham , alabama serving from 2007 to 2009 . he was serving a 15 - year federal felony sentence at the time of his death .
roberto rosato ( 18 august 1943 - 20 june 2010 ) was a former italian football player . he has played for italy national team . he played as a defender . the italy national football team wore black armbands in their game against new zealand at the 2010 fifa world cup .
sint - agatha - berchem ( in dutch ) or berchem - sainte - agathe ( in french ) is a municipality in the belgian brussels - capital region.in 2007 , 20431 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 51 north , 04 ° 17 east .
sixty - six is a number . it comes between sixty - five and sixty - seven , and is an even number . it is divisible by 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 , 11 , 22 , 33 , and 66 . in numerical form , it is " 66 " .
nba tv is a television specialty channel that is dedicated to showcasing the sport of basketball in the united states . the network is financially backed by the national basketball association ( nba ) , which also uses nba tv as a way of advertising their out of market package nba league pass , and partner channel tnt .
buochs is a municipality in the canton of nidwalden in switzerland.the main sights of buochs are the church " st. martin " , the " loreto " chapel in " ennerberg " , a monument of johann melchior wyrsch , and the quay .
ángel antonio berni gómez ( 9 january 1931 – 24 november 2017 ) was a paraguayan football striker . he played for national team , san lorenzo , and for real betis . he was born in asunción , paraguay.berni died on 24 november 2017 in asunción at the age of 86 .
bayzo ( 3 april 1947 - 1 february 2018 ) whose name is tony camilleri was a maltese singer born in st. paul 's bay . he is known for his unique voice and songs such as " qalu li raw " , which was played at the malta song festival in 1986 .
federico martín bahamontes ( born 9 july 1928 ) is a spanish retired professional cyclist . he was the first cyclist to win the " king of the mountains " competition for best climber in all three grand tours , the tour de france , the giro d'italia and the vuelta a españa .
columbia county is a county located in the u.s. state of oregon . as of the 2010 census , the county has a population of 49,351 people . the county seat is st. helens . it was named after the columbia river , which forms its eastern and northern borders .
" feelin ' so good " is a song recorded by american entertainer jennifer lopez . it was for her debut studio album " on the 6 " . it has rappers fat joe and big pun . it is a hip hop and r & b song . it is mainly about enjoying life .
ciro ferreira gomes ( born 6 november 1957 in pindamonhangaba , são paulo ) is a brazilian politician , lawyer , and academic . he is a member of the democratic labor party ( pdt ) . he is the pdt 's presidential candidate in the 2018 brazilian election .
akinwande oluwole " wole " babatunde soyinka ( yoruba : " akinwándé oluwo̩lé babátúndé s̩óyinká " ; born 13 july 1934 ) is a nigerian playwright and poet . he was awarded the 1986 nobel prize in literature , the first african to be honored in that category .
the central governorate was one of the five governorates of bahrain until 23 september 2014 . it includes parts of the former municipalities of al mintaqah al wusta , ar rifa ' wa al mintaqah al janubiyah , madinat ' isa , sitrah and a ' ali .
john wesley hillman ( march 29 , 1832 – march 19 , 1915 ) was an american prospector during the california gold rush . he was also an explorer who was among the first european americans to see crater lake in the u.s. state of oregon . he is credited with discovering the lake .
the tarte tatin is called after the hotel which served it as its signature dish.it is an upside - down pastry . the fruit ( usually apples ) are caramelized in butter and sugar before the tart is baked.it originated in france but has spread to other countries over the years .
michael kantor ( born august 7 , 1939 ) is an american politician and lawyer . after serving as the clinton - gore campaign chair in 1992 , kantor was appointed united states trade representative , holding that office from 1993 to 1996 . he was , in 1996 and 1997 , united states secretary of commerce .
tuili ( " tuìli " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sud sardegna in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 1,023 people lived there . its area is 24.59 km ² . it is 208 meters above sea level .
the bridgeport sound tigers are an american professional ice hockey team that was founded in 2001 . they play in the american hockey league and are the farm team of the new york islanders . they play in bridgeport , connecticut at the webster bank arena . their echl affiliate team is the kalamazoo wings .
the office of public works ( opw ) ( ) is a public service of the republic of ireland . it is part of the government 's department of finance . the job of the office is mainly to look after historical buildings in ireland . the buildings they look after are owned by the government .
against all odds ( 2009 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view event made by total nonstop action wrestling ( tna ) , which will take place on february 8 , 2009 at the tna impact ! zone in orlando , florida . < ref name = " venue / date " > < / ref >
the palace of placentia was an english royal palace built by humphrey , duke of gloucester in 1447 , in greenwich , on the banks of the river thames , downstream from london . it was the place of the birth of elizabeth i in 1533 . the palace was demolished in the seventeenth century .
feeddemon is a free proprietary software for windows that reads rss feeds . the inventor of feeddemon is nick bradbury , the inventor of other software . this software is owned by newsgator technologies since may 2005 . this software can work with bloglines and newsgator online .
robert anthony rodriguez ( born june 20 1968 ) is an american director , screenwriter , producer , cinematographer , editor and musician perhaps best known for making profitable , crowd - pleasing independent and studio movies with fairly low budgets and fast schedules by hollywood standards . he shoots and produces many of his movies in texas and mexico .
lake keitele is a lake in finland . it covers almost . the average depth is . the deepest point is . the quality of the water is very good . lake keitele is close to äänekoski , viitasaari and municipalities konnevesi and vesanto .
robert scott adsit ( born november 26 , 1965 ) is an american actor , comedian and writer . he is best known for his role as pete hornberger , the well - meaning but jaded executive producer , on the nbc sitcom " 30 rock " . he was born in northbrook , illinois .
dodge is an american automobile , suv and truck maker . they are based in auburn hills , michigan . dodge was created by brothers horace and john dodge in 1900 . dodge was sold to chrysler in 1928 . in 2010 dodge announced it would spin - off the ram division making it its own brand .
angels in the outfield is a 1951 american family comedy movie directed by clarence brown and starring paul douglas , janet leigh , keenan wynn , donna corcoran , lewis stone , bruce bennett , marvin kaplan , ellen corby . it was distributed by metro - goldwyn - mayer and was remade in 1994 .
the arrondissement of château - chinon ( ville ) , or simply arrondissement of château - chinon , is an arrondissement of france . it is part of the nièvre " département " in the bourgogne - franche - comtéregion . its capital is the city of château - chinon ( ville ) .
common wheat ( " triticum aestivum " ) , also known as bread wheat , is a cultivated wheat species . about 95 % of the wheat produced is common wheat.common wheat has been got by many generations of artificial selection by farmers choosing the most productive plants which occurred in their crops .
the north atlantic council ( nac ) is the principal political decision - making body of the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) , made up of permanent representatives from its member countries . it was created by of the north atlantic treaty and it is the only body in nato that derives its authority explicitly from the treaty .
lowestoft is a town in suffolk.flint tools were found at pakefield in south lowestoft in 2005 . this showed that humans had been living in the lowestoft area 200,000 years ago . this means lowestoft is one of the earliest known sites for humans in the united kingdom .
kevin mckidd ( born 9 august 1973 ) is a scottish actor . he has played many acting roles such as lucius vorenus on " rome " , as dan vasser on " journeyman " , as poseidon on " , and as dr. owen hunt on " grey 's anatomy " .
volbeat is an danish heavy metal band from copenhagen . volbeat formed in 2001 when singer michael poulsen formed a death metal band called dominus . he became tired of the death metal genre and left the band . he then formed a new band called volbeat with other members of dominus .
addison mitchell " mitch " mcconnell , jr. ( born february 20 , 1942 ) is the senior united states senator from kentucky . a member of the republican party , he is the majority leader of the senate , succeeding harry reid . he is the longest - serving u.s . senator in kentucky history .
the puli is a small to medium sized dog breed . it was brought to hungary with the magyars in the late 9th century . they are used as herding and guard dogs.female pulis are about high . males are . females weigh . males weigh a little more .
the pahlavi dynasty of shahs of iran is the most recent , taking power in 1925 and deposed in 1979 . reza shah pahlavi deposed the last shah of the qajar dynasty and was forced out in 1941 in favor of his son mohammad reza pahlavi.reza ii now heads the dynasty .
wahidul haque ( – 3 july 2020 ) was a bangladeshi politician . he was the finance minister of bangladesh from 1988 to 1990 . he was also an emeritus professor at the university of toronto , canada . he was a member of the jatiya party.haq died on 3 july 2020 .
secretary of state for business , energy and industrial strategy , ( often known as the business secretary ) is a cabinet position in the united kingdom government . the office is responsible for the department for business , innovation and skills . the post is currently held by andrea leadsom . she has held it since july 2019 .
chariot is an album by rock singer gavin degraw . the album features singles " i do n't want to be " , " chariot " , and " follow through " . the album was released in 2004 . " chariot " also was re-released in 2005 as a live acoustic album .
epitaph records is an american record label . the company mainly deals with punk bands . epitaph was started by bad religion guitarist brett gurewitz . bands that have signed this label are : the asterisk ( * ) marks indicate as those who are no longer signed to epitaph .
the car - free movement is an informal network of individuals and organizations who would like to see cars used less in modern cities . it includes social activists , urban planners and others who would like to see alternative ways of moving people for environment or quality of life . they encourage walking , cycling or use of public transportation .
chihuahua is one of the 67 municipalities of chihuahua , in northern mexico . the municipal seat is the state capital , the city of chihuahua.as of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 758,791 , with 748,551 in the municipal seat . it covers an area of .
poznań fortress ( in polish : " twierdza poznań " , in german : " festung posen " ) was a set of fortifications in the city of poznań in western poland , built under prussian rule in the 19th and early 20th centuries . it was one of largest systems of its kind in europe .
international lefthanders day is on august 13 . it was created in 1976 , for people who are lefties . it was first observed on the 13th of august 1976 . it is meant to promote awareness of the inconveniences faced by left - handers in a predominantly right - handed world .
beverly archer ( born july 19 , 1948 ) is an american actress . she acts mostly on television . she played iola in " mama 's family " . she also appeared on a lot of other television shows . archer retired from acting in 2000 . she was born in oak park , illinois .
battlestar galactica is an american science fiction television series filmed in vancouver . it was created by ronald d. moore that first aired in a three - hour miniseries in december of 2003 on the sci fi channel.the series has gained a wide range of critical acclaim . it won a emmy award and saturn awards .
all good things is a 2010 american crime movie . the movie is set in 1970s new york city . a couple leaves the city to live in vermont . they later move back to new york . kirsten dunst plays katie . kristen wiig plays lauren.this movie was released in december 2010 .
the people 's palace is a large building in bucharest , romania . it was built by the then - dictator nicolae ceauşescu in the 1980s . today the romanian parliament meets in the building . many parliament members have offices inside . the building faces an avenue built to look like the champs - élysées in paris .
pope stephen vi ( ; died august 897 ) was the bishop of rome . he was pope of the papal states from 22 may 896 to his death . he is best known for fighting the cadaver synod , which ultimately led to his downfall and death.stephen vi was strangled to death by protesters .
john clark leclair ( born july 5 , 1969 ) is an american former professional ice hockey player . he played 16 seasons in the national hockey league ( nhl ) with the montreal canadiens , philadelphia flyers , and pittsburgh penguins . leclair was a member of the montreal canadiens ' stanley cup winning team in 1993 .
ningbo is a city in zhejiang province . it lies in east china , close to shanghai . ningbo is known as an important port city in china . international trade in ningbo began in tang dynasty . port of ningbo is still the port transporting largest amount of good in china .
vnv nation are an electronic music band originally from wexford and london , now based in hamburg , that combines elements of trance , synthpop and electronic body music ( ebm ) , into what they call futurepop . earlier works also include some electro - industrial influences . the members are ronan harris and mark jackson .
christopher todd " chris masters " mordetzky ( born 8 january , 1983 ) is an american professional wrestler of polish ancestry . his dad was polish and english . his mother was american . he began his career at age 21 . he had been a bodybuilder since he was 14 years old .
a scar is the natural result of a healing process in the human body . when the dermis is hurt by a wound , the wounded tissue will be replaced by scar tissue . scar tissue is not identical to the tissue it replaces . a scar will look different ( and have different characteristics ) than the surrounding tissue .
pontevedra ( ) is a spanish city in the north - west of the iberian peninsula . it is the capital of both the " comarca " ( county ) and province of pontevedra , and of the rias baixas in galicia . as of 2014 , the population was 82,946 .
eino tamberg ( may 27 1930 — december 24 2010 ) was a composer and musician from estonia . he was famous for the variety of works he wrote including symphonies , concertos , operas and ballets . he was a student of the tallinn conservatory , where he later taught composition.he was given many awards including :
the strait of malacca is a marine strait . it links the andaman sea and the java sea , and separates malaya and sumatra . it is about 800 km long . most parts are between and wide . at its narrowest point , it is only wide . at its shallowest point it is about deep .
the goonies is a 1985 american movie about of a group of children living in part of astoria , oregon called the " goon docks " , who go on a search for a pirate 's treasure , to save their neighborhood from being bought and destroyed . the movie was produced by steven spielberg and directed by richard donner .
john forbes nash jr. ( june 13 , 1928 – may 23 , 2015 ) was an american mathematician who worked in game theory and differential geometry . he was born in bluefield , west virginia . he shared the 1994 memorial prize in economics with two other game theorists , reinhard selten and john harsanyi .
mars is the god of war in roman mythology . mars is the son of juno and jupiter . mars is the father of romulus and remus . the planet mars and the month march are named after him . he was the god of war , murder , and bloodshed . his greek name is ares .
terry carter ( born december 16 , 1928 ) is an american actor and movie director . he is known for his roles as sgt . joe broadhurst on the seven - year tv series " mccloud " and as colonel tigh on the original " battlestar galactica " . he was born in new york city .
anzonico is a former municipality of the district of leventina in the canton of ticino in switzerland . on 1 april 2012 the former municipalities of anzonico , calpiogna , campello , cavagnago , chironico , mairengo and osco merged to form the municipality of faido .
anna jókai ( hungarian : " jókai anna " ) ( 24 november 1932 – 5 june 2017 ) was a hungarian author , poet and teacher . she began her writing career in 1974 and , during the 1980s , she participated in the hungarian liberation movement . between 1990 and 1992 , she was the chairperson of the hungarian writers ' union .
a projection in geometry is something like a shadow , that an object casts onto another object . when a three - dimensional sphere is projected onto a plane , its projection will either be a circle or an ellipse.in higher mathematics , projections are changes of one thing into something else . they may also be applications of functions .
pescozada is a hip - hop group from el salvador . their members are two men named debil estar and fat lui . they rap about gangs , politics , and the future of el salvador . their songs include " primer acto " and " i could fly " . they rap in spanish .
abdurrahim abdulhafiz el - keib ( ; 1950 – 21 april 2020 ) was a libyan politician . he served as interim prime minister of libya from november 2011 to november 2012 . he was born in tripoli.on 21 april 2020 , el - keib died of a heart attack . he was 70 .
an instrumental is music that has no words or people singing . the music is made only by musical instruments , or by makings sounds using other things , like bins.some types of music like jazz and classical music have a lot of instrumentals , but most other types of popular music do not.some very popular instrumental songs are :
social programs in the united states are welfare subsidies designed to help the overall american population receive basic needs such as food , housing and healthcare.federal and state welfare programs include money assistance , healthcare and medical needs , food assistance , housing subsidies , energy and utilities subsidies , education and childcare assistance , and subsidies and assistance for other basic services .
rubén galván ( 7 april 1952 – 14 march 2018 ) was an argentine football midfielder . he played for club atlético independiente for most of his career.at international level , he was part of the argentina squad that won the 1978 fifa world cup on home soil.galván died of cirrhosis on 14 march 2018 at the age of 65 .
văn cao ( born nguyễn văn cao ; 15 november 1923 – 10 july 1995 ) was a famous vietnamese composer . he wrote the vietnamese national anthem , " " . he , along with pham duy and trinh cong son , is widely considered one of the three most important people in modern ( non-classical ) vietnamese music .
a peplomer is a glycoprotein spike on the outside layer ( or capsid ) of a virus . when a virus attaches to a cell , these peplomers can only attach to certain receptors on the cell . they are very important for choosing which cell it attaches to and how infectious a virus is .
saratov ( russian : саратов ) , is a city and a major port on the volga river upstream ( north ) of volgograd . it was founded in the year 1590 . saratov had a population of 827,000 in 2010 . it is the administrative center of saratov oblast .
sarosh homi kapadia ( 29 september 1947 – 4 january 2016 ) was an indian politician and lawyer . he served as the 38th chief justice of india from 12 may 2010 until 28 september 2012 . he was born in mumbai and was parsi.kapadia died from cardiac arrest on 4 january 2016 in mumbai , aged 68 .
asaf " assi " dayan ( 23 november 1945 – 1 may 2014 ) was an israeli movie director , actor , screenwriter and producer . by 2008 , he had acted in some 50 movies and television series episodes . he was born in nahalal.dayan died on 1 may 2014 in tel aviv . he was 68 .
selena royle ( november 6 , 1904 – april 23 , 1983 ) was an american television , stage and movie actress . she played aletta sullivan in " the fighting sullivans " . she played sairy in " the romance of rosy ridge " . royle was born in new york city . she died in guadalajara , mexico at 78
the 1941 – 42 nhl season was the 25th season of the national hockey league . seven teams played 48 games each . the toronto maple leafs would win the stanley cup defeating the detroit red wings winning four straight after losing the first three in a best - of - seven series , a feat only repeated twice in nhl history as of the 2010 season .
quinn henderson becker ( born june 11 , 1930 ) is an american orthopedic surgeon and retired lieutenant general in the u.s. army . he served as the 36th surgeon general of the united states army from 1985 to 1988 . he attended louisiana state university 's school of medicine . he was born in kirksville , missouri .
adolfo celi ( 27 july 1922 – 19 february 1986 ) was an italian movie actor and director . he was known for his role as emilio largo in the 1965 james bond movie " thunderball " . celi would reprise his role in a spoof titled " ok connery " . he was married to actress veronica lazăr .
pam mcconnell ( 1946 – 7 july 2017 ) was a canadian politician . she was elected to toronto city council in 1994 and most recently served as councillor for ward 28 from 2000 until her death in 2017 . she was born in england.mcconnell died on 7 july 2017 of respiratory failure at a hospital in toronto at the age of 71 .
lumnezia ( ) is a new municipality of the district surselva in the canton of graubünden , switzerland.the former municipalities of cumbel , degen , lumbrein , morissen , suraua , vignogn , vella , and vrin merged on 1 january 2013 into the new municipality of lumnezia .
tendring is a borough in the north - east of essex in the east of england . it was created on 1 april 1974 . its population is about 140,000 , a high proportion of whom are elderly . the largest settlement is clacton - on - sea , which has over a third of the borough 's people .
anne triola ( born september 25 , 1920 ) is an american singer , musician , and actress . she is known for her roles in the musical movie " lullaby of broadway " ( 1951 ) and " without reservations " ( 1946 ) . triola was listed as being one of the most popular performers in the history of music circus of the 1950s .
the chaldean catholic church or the chaldean church of babylon ( , " " ) is an eastern particular church of the catholic church , maintaining full communion with the bishop of rome and the rest of the catholic church . the chaldean catholic church presently has an estimated 600,000 - 700,000 chaldean christians .
ira jeffrey glass ( ; born march 3 , 1959 ) is an american public radio personality . he is the host and producer of the radio and television show " this american life " . he also appeared in " morning edition " , " all things considered " , and " talk of the nation " . he was born in baltimore , maryland .
the princess amelia ( 7 august 1783 – 2 november 1810 ) was a member of the british royal family.amelia was the youngest daughter of king george iii and queen charlotte of mecklenburg - strelitz . she was her father 's favorite daughter . after her death at the age of 27 in 1810 george iii had his final dissent into madness .
constant lievens ( april 11 , 1856 , in moorslede , belgium – november 7 , 1893 , in leuven , belgium ) is a belgian ( flemish ) jesuit priest , missionary among the tribal peoples of india . he is regarded as the apostle of the chotanagpur ( jharkhand and chattisgarh states in central india ) .
" play my music " is a 2008 song performed and recorded by the jonas brothers . the song was featured on the disney channel original movie " camp rock " . " play my music " is also on the original version of the camp rock soundtrack and the pre-release album ( " camp rock soundtrack ( pre-release ) " ) .
relations between bangladesh and russia . russia has an embassy in dhaka and bangladesh has an embassy in moscow . diplomatic relations were established on 25 january 1972 , when russia was the soviet union.bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina has visited russia twice to meet with russian president vladimir putin . the first time was in 2009 and then in 2013 .
structure is a fundamental concept in science . it means the arrangement of parts . examples are the organs in a body , or crystals in a substance like granite.a structure may refer to buildings , machines and similar things made by people as well as to a rock or a mineral , atoms or sentences . it always reflects the hierarchy of its parts .
sylvain grenier ( born march 26 , 1977 in varennes , québec ) is a canadian professional wrestler . he is best known for his time working with world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) and total nonstop action wrestling ( tna ) . he is known for wrestling for the tag team , la résistance along with rob conway and rené duprée .
jennifer coolidge ( born august 28 , 1963 in boston , massachusetts ) is an american movie and television actress and comedian . she acted in " american pie " in 1999 and " legally blonde " in 2001 . she has a recurring role in the 2011 television series " 2 broke girls " . she also acted in many other movies and television programs .
drinker was a small dinosaur from north america . it was a very small herbivore that grew up to 1 meter long . it was named after edward drinker cope a paleontologist , a dinosaur scientist who found many dinosaur fossils such as " triceratops " , " anatotitan " and " tyrannosaurus rex " .
charles " charlie " kunz ( august 18 , 1896 – march 16 , 1958 ) was a british musician , who became well - known and liked during the british dance band era . he played in nightclubs where people would come to ballroom dance . he had a rhythmic , relaxed style and played popular music with his own way of expressing feeling and moods .
vacallo is a municipality of the district of mendrisio in the canton of ticino in switzerland.the current population is almost 3,000 people . the coat of arms of vacallo is a v with three bunches of grapes . each bunch of grapes symbolises the three parishes or ' frazione ' of the municipality .
mirosława litmanowicz ( mirosława kałęcka ; 6 september 1928 – 18 august 2017 ) was a polish chess player . she won the polish women 's chess championship in 1968 and the fide woman international master in 1967 . she was born in warsaw.litmanowicz died on 18 august 2017 at the age of 89 .
portofino ( ) is an italian fishing village and holiday resort famous for its harbour that has been seen as a popular place for pictures . many celebrities go here . it is a " comune " located in the metropolitan city of genoa on the italian riviera . the town is also known for its colourfully painted buildings that line the shore .
caddyshack is a 1980 american sports comedy movie that was produced by douglas kenney and was directed by harold ramis . caddyshack was released on july 25 , 1980 in north america . the movie received positive reviews with a 76 % rating on rotten tomatoes.this movie had a sequel , " caddyshack ii " .
the basketball diaries is a 1995 american independent biographical crime drama movie directed by scott kalvert . it stars leonardo dicaprio , mark wahlberg and lorraine bracco and is set in new york city . this drama is based around an autobiographical novel by the same name , written by jim carroll . " the basketball diaries " is about addiction to drugs .
carol greitzer ( born january 3 , 1925 ) is an american politician . she was in the new york city council from 1969 to 1991 and was the first president of naral pro-choice america . she is a member of the democratic party.greitzer was born in new york city . she studied at hunter college and new york university .
the royal new zealand navy is the navy of new zealand . it is the maritime arm of the new zealand defence force . as of 2012 the navy includes twelve ships . five naval helicopters are operated by the royal new zealand air force . the navy was formed during world war ii in 1942 . prior to that the royal navy had protected new zealand .
sèvremont is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france . the municipality was created on 1 january 2016 and consists of the former communes of la flocellière ( the seat ) , les châtelliers - châteaumur , la pommeraie - sur - sèvre and saint - michel - mont - mercure .
the mil mi - 38 is a civil and military helicopter . it was designed by the ussr and built in russia . the mil mi - 38 is both used for civil and military purposes . the mil mi - 38 was meant to replace the mi - 8 . it flew for the first time on 22 december 2003 and was certified on 30 december 2015 .
the adventures of quentin durward , also known as quentin durward , is a 1955 british american adventure movie directed by richard thorpe and based on the 1923 novel of the same name by sir walter scott . it stars robert taylor , george cole , kay kendall , robert morley , john carson , harcourt williams and was distributed by metro - goldwyn - mayer .
miikka sakari kiprusoff ( pronounced " mee - kah kihp - roo - sawf " ) ( born october 26 , 1976 ) is a finnish retired professional hockey goaltender . he played 11 seasons in the nhl mainly with the calgary flames.the calgary flames announced on september 9 , 2013 that kiprusoff had retired .
louis dicaire ( 29 august 1946 – 19 july 2020 ) was a canadian roman catholic bishop . he was the auxiliary bishop of saint - jean - longueuil from 2004 until his death . dicaire was auxiliary bishop of montreal from 1999 to 2004 . he was born in montreal.dicaire died on 19 july 2020 in montreal , aged 73 .
stagecoach group plc ( ) is a leading international transport group operating buses , trains , trams , express coaches and ferries . the group was founded in 1980 by the current chairman , brian souter , his sister , ann gloag , and her former husband robin . the group is based in perth , scotland , and has operations in the united kingdom and north america .
townhouses are medium - density housing in cities and towns . modern townhouses are those with a small footprint on several floors . the buildings are exclusively occupied by the wealthy in boston , chicago , new york city , philadelphia and detroit . other cities or towns , however , townhouses can be occupied regardless of income.townhouses date back to the 1700s .
the prophet is a book of 26 prose poetry fables by the lebanese - american artist , philosopher and writer kahlil gibran . it was first published in 1923 by alfred a. knopf . it is gibran 's best known work . the book has been translated into over 40 different languages and has never been out of print .
mark lavarre ( born february 21 , 1965 in evanston , illinois ) is a retired american professional ice hockey right winger who played a career total of 78 games in the nhl . he played his entire nhl career with the chicago black hawks . he was drafted by the chicago black hawks with the 119th overall pick in the sixth round of the 1983 nhl draft .
jacob joachim " jack " klugman ( april 27 , 1922 - december 24 , 2012 ) was an american movie , stage and television actor . klugman played oscar madison in the television series " the odd couple " from 1970 to 1975 . he played the title character in the television series " quincy , m.e . " from 1976 to 1983 .
alessandro criscuolo ( 15 july 1937 – 10 march 2020 ) was an italian judge . he was president of the constitutional court of italy between 12 november 2014 and 24 february 2016 . he was a judge on the court between 2008 and 2017 . he was born in naples , italy.criscuolo died on 10 march 2020 at the age of 82 .
susana herrera jordán ( march 26 , 1962 - november 2 , 2019 ) was a ski athlete from spain . she was born in madrid , and lost her sight at the age of 23 . she ws a type b1 ski athlete . she raced at the 1988 winter paralympics , where she finished first in the downhill race and third in the giant slalom race . .
bakir izetbegović ( born 28 june 1956 ) is a bosnian politician . izetbegović is a member of the party of democratic action and son of the late bosnian president , alija izetbegović . in 1981 he graduated from the university of sarajevo faculty of architecture . in 2010 , he was elected to be the bosniak member of the 3 - person presidency of bosnia and herzegovina .
francis george steiner , fba ( april 23 , 1929 – february 3 , 2020 ) was a french - born american literary critic , essayist , philosopher , novelist , and educator . he wrote about the relationship between language , literature and society , and the impact of the holocaust.steiner died on february 3 , 2020 at his home in cambridge at the age of 90 .
imelda mary higham ( or imelda may ; born 10 july 1974 ) is an irish singer - songwriter and musician . she is known mostly as a singer , though plays guitar , bass guitar and tambourine.her third studio record , " mayhem " , earned her a nomination for choice music prize.imelda may was born in dublin , ireland .
hurricane dora struck the northeast coast of florida and became the first hurricane to do so . she created next to $ 250 million in damage around the area she hit . winds from dora reached almost 125 mph around jacksonville , florida when she hit . dora was later retired from atlantic hurricane lists , although the name is being used today for naming lists of the eastern pacific names .
saint - trivier - de-courtes is a commune . it is found in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region in the ain department in the east of france . in 2014 , 1,099 people lived in the commune . it is located 34 km northeast of mâcon . the inhabitants are the " trivicourtois " .
dwight filley davis ( july 5 , 1879 - november 28 , 1945 ) was an american tennis player and politician . he was the founder of the international tennis competition " davis cup " . he served as united states secretary of war from 1925 to 1929 . davis died at his home in washington , d.c. on november 28 , 1945 , after a six - month illness .
yellowbeard is a 1983 american british comedy movie directed by mel damski and starring peter boyle , graham chapman , cheech marin , tommy chong , peter cook , martin hewitt , marty feldman , spike milligan , eric idle , james mason , john cleese , nigel planer , susannah york , beryl reid , david bowie . it was distributed by orion pictures .
louis stokes ( february 23 , 1925 – august 18 , 2015 ) was an american attorney and politician . he was born in cleveland , ohio . he served 15 terms in the united states house of representatives from 1969 through 1999 . he was the first black congressman elected in the state of ohio.stokes died in cleveland , ohio from lung and brain cancer , aged 90 .
peter brian hegseth ( born june 6 , 1980 ) is an american fox news channel presenter . he was in the u.s. military with deployments to cuba and iraq.he was considered to be the united states secretary of veterans affairs under the donald trump presidency , but major veterans ' groups objected , and in january 2017 , david shulkin was selected instead .
elon lages lima ( july 9 , 1929 – may 7 , 2017 ) was a brazilian mathematician . his research concerns differential topology , algebraic topology , and differential geometry . lima was an influential figure in the development of mathematics in brazil.lima was professor emeritus at instituto nacional de matemática pura e aplicada of which he was the director during three separate periods .
the cat concerto is the 29th " tom and jerry " animated cartoon . it was released in theaters on april 26 , 1947 and was produced by fred quimby and directed by william hanna and joseph barbera . it is considered one of the best " tom and jerry " cartoons ever made , winning the academy award for best short subject : cartoons in the 19th academy awards .
ji guobiao ( ; 1 march 1932 – 5 september 2019 ) was a chinese engineer and an academician . he was a member of the chinese academy of engineering ( cae ) . he was seen as a key figure of chemical fiber engineering technology in china.he died of laryngeal cancer in beijing , on september 5 , 2019 at the age of 87 .
vitaly aleksandrovich petrov ( born september 8 , 1984 in vyborg ) is a russian formula one driver for the renault f1 team . he is known as " vyborg rocket " in russia . by racing in the bahrain grand prix , he is the first russian driver to take part in the formula one world championship . he currently resides in valencia , spain .
vonetta mcgee ( 14 january 1945 – 9 july 2010 ) was an american actress . she was known for her roles in movies during the 1970s . she played the negress in " the kremlin letter " . she played melinda in the movie " melinda " . mcgee was born in san francisco , california . she died from cardiac arrest in berkeley , california .
the evil within , known in japan as psychobreak , is an action video game.it was being developed by a japanese studio , tango gameworks . the game can be run on microsoft windows , playstation 3 , playstation 4 , xbox 360 and xbox one . it was released on october 14 , 2014 . " the evil within " is the first product of tango gameworks .
the pelagie islands are three islands in the mediterranean . they are lampedusa , linosa and lampione . they are between malta and tunisia . they are part of the african continent but belong to italy.because of deforestation , the islands are very . in the past they lived on agriculture , but nowadays they live on fishing and tourism .
arin joseph hanson ( born january 6 , 1987 ) , also called egoraptor , is an american internet celebrity , animator , cartoonist , comedian , voice actor , songwriter , and rapper . he is known for his popular internet animations , for the popular youtube let 's play show " game grumps , " and for the video game parody band starbomb .
the pennines are a mountain range in england . often said to be the " backbone of england " , they form an unbroken range stretching from the peak district in the midlands , through the yorkshire dales , parts of greater manchester , the west pennine moors of lancashire and cumbrian fells to the cheviot hills on the scottish border . their total length is about .
bepanah pyaar ( transl . endless love ) is an indian romantic drama television series produced by ekta kapoor under her banner balaji telefilms . it premiered on 3 june 2019 on colors tv . it stars pearl v puri , ishita dutta and aparna dixit as raghbir , pragati and bani .
emlain kabua ( born february 1928 ) is a marshallese artist and political figure . she is the former first lady of the marshall islands and the widow of former marshallese president amata kabua . kabua served as the first first lady of the marshall islands from 1979 until 1996 . she is known for being the designer of the flag of the marshall islands .
caleb reginald mclaughlin ( born october 13 , 2001 ) is an american actor . he is best known for starring as lucas sinclair in the netflix series " stranger things " . he appeared as " young simba " in the broadway musical " the lion king " , between 2012 and 2014 . mclaughlin was born in carmel , new york . he is the son of april and corey mclaughlin .
the central bohemian region is a region of the czech republic . it covers 14 % of the country , with the highest population of any region of the czech republic . the capital city for the region is prague.important rivers in the region are elbe , vltava , berounka , jizera and sázava . křivoklátsko protected landscape area is in central bohemia .
sidney sheldon ( february 11 , 1917 - january 30 , 2007 ) was an american screenwriter and novelist . he wrote the screenplays for twenty - three motion pictures including " easter parade " and " annie get your gun " . he also created four long - running television series . he is also included in the " guinness book of records " as , " the most translated author " .
this is a list of presidents of djibouti . the office of president was established in 1977 . there have been two official presidents since then . the president is both head of state and head of government of djibouti and the commander - in - chief of the djibouti armed forces . the current president is ismaïl omar guelleh , since 1999 .
andrea lloyd ( b. august 10 , 1971 in rastatt , baden - württemberg , germany ) was in the 1996 summer olympics . she won a bronze medal for jamaica in the 4 x 100 metres relay.lloyd attended high school in camperdown . she studied at the university of alabama . her personal best is 11.36 seconds in the 100 metres which came in 1996 .
fernando sebastián aguilar cmf ( 14 december 1929 – 24 january 2019 ) was a spanish cardinal . he was born in calatayud , spain . he was bishop of león from 1979 to 1983 and archbishop of pamplona and tudela from 1983 to 2007 . sebastián aguilar died from complications of a stroke on 24 january 2019 in málaga , spain , aged 89 .
filippo grandi ( born 1957 ) is an italian diplomat . between 2010 and 2014 , he was commissioner - general of the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east ( unrwa ) . on november 11 , 2015 , un secretary - general ban ki - moon announced his plans to appoint grandi as the next united nations high commissioner for refugees to take office in 2016 .
karen fukuhara ( born february 10 , 1992 ) is an american actress . she is known for her roles as katana in the 2016 dc superhero movie " suicide squad " and as the female in the 2019 amazon prime original series " the boys " . she is also known for voicing the character glimmer in the netflix series " she - ra and the princesses of power " .
orient is a term meaning " the east " . it is from the latin word " oriens " . ancient rome sometimes used it to mean the area east of rome . later the dividing line moved farther east , to the adriatic or the aegean or the indus river . this term is in contrast to the " occident " , which is a term meaning " the west " .
john symon asher " jack " bruce ( 14 may 1943 – 25 october 2014 ) was a scottish musician and composer . he was known as a founder member of the british psychedelic rock power trio , cream , in the late 1960s . whilst in the band , bruce played a fretless bass guitar.bruce died on 25 october 2014 from liver disease in suffolk , england , aged 71 .
" when the tigers broke free " is a song by pink floyd . it is featured in the musical movie " pink floyd - the wall " . the song is about the main character , pink , remembering the death of his father in world war ii 's operation shingle in anzio , italy . in 2004 , a new version of the song was released on " the final cut " .
arundhati ghose ( 25 november 1939 – 25 july 2016 ) was an indian diplomat . she was permanent representative of india to the united nations office at geneva and was head of the indian delegation that participated in the comprehensive nuclear - test - ban treaty ( ctbt ) negotiations at the conference on disarmament in geneva in 1996 . she also served as ambassador to south korea and egypt .
jennifer lesley ellison ( born 30 may 1983 ) is an english actress , model , television personality , dancer and singer . ellison was born in liverpool . she played emily shadwick in the television soap opera " brookside " . in " the phantom of the opera " movie adaptation , she played meg giry.she was a contestant in the 2012 series of " dancing on ice " .
the 2010 – 11 chicago blackhawks season was the team 's 85th season in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . the team suffered from salary cap restrictions and lost several players due to it . they also had to recover from winning their first stanley cup in 40 years . the team was defeated in the first round of the stanley cup playoffs by the presidents ' trophy - winning vancouver canucks .
chief bode akindele ( 2 june 1932 – 29 june 2020 ) was a nigerian billionaire businessman . according to the daily telegraph , he was worth about $ 1.19 billion . he was the owner and chairman of madandola group of companies . . he was born in oyo , oyo.akindele died on 29 june 2020 at his home in lagos , aged 88 .
in 1958 brush traction ltd and beyer peacock co-operated to produce five prototype diesel - electric shunting locomotives of 0 -4-0 wheel arrangement . they were intended to demonstrate a new generation of diesel shunters for industrial and mainline use . two were loaned to british railways for trials , and one was subsequently purchased by br . however no large scale orders resulted from these demonstrators .
thiruvalangadu is a village in the thiruvallur district , tamil nadu , india.this is a village located on the western suburbs of chennai . it is famous as a sacred site for hindus for two reasons.the population of the village as per the 2011 census is 5913 . the male population is 2969 . the female population is 2944 .
carl celian icahn ( born february 16 , 1936 ) is an american business magnate , investor , activist shareholder , and philanthropist . he is the founder and majority shareholder of icahn enterprises , a diversified conglomerate holding company based in new york city , formerly known as american real estate partners . icahn is also chairman of federal - mogul , an american developer of vehicle safety products .
tony montana is a fictional character in the movie scarface who is played by actor al pacino . montana is a cuban immigrant to the united states . he has antisocial and narcissistic personality disorders and is a drug lord who ruthlessly uses violence to gain wealth . he creates many enemies and they come after him at his mansion , shooting him in the back and killing him .
hawaii is a u.s. state and the only u.s. state that is in oceania . it is the last state that joined the united states , becoming a state on august 21 , 1959 . it is the only state made only of islands . hawaii is also the name of the largest island . the capital and largest city of hawaii is honolulu on the island named oahu .
kahin pyaar na ho jaaye is a 2000 bollywood film directed by k. muralimohana rao . salman khan and rani mukherji played the main characters . the movie also features jackie shroff , raveena tandon , mohnish behl , pooja batra , shakti kapoor in supporting roles . its music director was himesh reshammiya .
fasting in islam or sawm ( ) is the practice of abstaining , usually from food , drink , smoking , and sexual activity . fourth of the five pillars of islam , " sawm " is observed between dawn and nightfall during the holy month of ramadan.some exceptions or accommodations for " sawm " are made in the case of pregnancy , illness , travel , and for young children .
quorn is a small town in the flinders ranges in the north of south australia , 39 km northeast of port augusta . in 2011 there were 1206 people living in quorn . quorn is the home of the flinders ranges council local government area . it is in the state electoral district of stuart and the federal division of grey.it is also the home of the pichi richi railway .
oceanography ( also called oceanology or marine science ) is the study of the ocean , its properties and its characteristics . this can include , and is not limited to , studying the marine life , the geography of the ocean floor , and the water itself . many sciences are useful in oceanography , so it is a multidisciplinary field . oceanographers spend much time on boats .
awakenings is a 1990 american drama movie set in a psychiatric hospital in 1969 in the bronx . it is based on oliver sacks ' 1973 book " awakenings " . it tells the true story of british neurologist oliver sacks , fictionalized as american malcolm sayer and portrayed by robin williams . the movie also stars robert de niro , judith malina , and max von sydow .
the ( , " french acrobatic patrol " ) , also called the patrouille de france or paf , is the aerobatics demonstration team of the french air force . they fly franco - german alpha jet training airplanes . the paf 's aircraft are painted in three colours : blue , white , and red . these are the same colors as on the flag of france .
deinocheiridae is a family of ornithomimosaurs . the family was originally named by halszka osmólska and roniewicz in 1970 , including only the type genus " deinocheirus " . in a 2014 study by yuong - nam lee and others published in the journal " nature " , it was found that deinocheiridae was a valid family .
richard church thompson ( october 8 , 1957 – july 27 , 2016 ) was an american illustrator and cartoonist . he was best known for his syndicated comic strip " cul de sac " and the illustrated poem " make the pie higher " . he was given the reuben award for outstanding cartoonist of the year for 2010 . thompson died on july 27 , 2016 , from complications of parkinson 's disease , aged 58 .
école nationale de la statistique et de l'administration économique ( ensae paristech ) is a renowned graduate engineering school in france . it is in a campus of the university of paris - saclay.its curricula lead to these french & european degrees : academic activities and industrial applied research are taught mainly in french and english languages . the students are from a dozen nationalities .
" africa " is a song recorded by the american rock band toto in 1981 . the song was for their fourth studio album " toto iv , " and released as the album 's third single on september 30 , 1982 , through columbia records.the song was written by band members david paich and jeff porcaro . the soft rock song lyrically talks about the themes of love and location .
deregulation is the process of removing or lowering state regulations , usually for economic purposes . it is the reversing of governmental regulation of the economy . it became widely used in industrial economies in the 1970s and 1980s , as a result of new forms in economic thinking.economic regulations were promoted during the gilded age , in which progressive reforms were seen as important to make sure companies do not abuse labor laws .
lena conradson , originally " konradsson " , later " berglund " , born 23 march 1948 in lycksele , sweden , is a swedish singer . she released several ep records and singles between 1959 and 1966 . she also sang in the pearlettes trio in 1966 . in 1963 , 15 years old , she recorded the original version of the christmas song hej , mitt vinterland .
jelly belly is a brand of jelly beans . the beans take 7 to 10 days to make . first they make the outside then they fill it . they put the beans in a spinner then they put sugar and flavoring on them . then somebody checks for the best ones and puts them in a box . after that the beans are put in a bag and sent to different places around the world .
dawn evelyeen paris ( also : anne shirley ; april 17 , 1918 – july 4 , 1993 ) was an american movie actress . she played jeanne in " chasing yesterday " . she also played jenny yates in " chatterbox " . under the name dawn o'day , shirley was a child actress.shirley was born in new york city . she died from lung cancer at age seventy - five .
cearbhall ó dálaigh ( 12 february 1911 – 21 march 1978 , ) served as fifth president of ireland , from 1974 to 1976 . he was elected after the death of president childers , but he resigned in 1976 after a clash with the government . he also had a notable legal career , including serving as chief justice of ireland.cearbhall ó dálaigh was born in bray , county wicklow .
the regnitz is a river in bavaria , germany . it is a left tributary of the main and is 58 km in length.the river is formed by the confluence of the rivers rednitz and pegnitz , which meet in the city of fürth . from there the regnitz runs northwards through the cities of erlangen and forchheim . it finally meets the main in the city of bamberg .
diving machine g5 ( ダイビングマシンg5 ) is a steel dive coaster located at janfusun fancyworld in gukeng , yunlin , taiwan.it is the second drop coaster to be built ever and the first and only to be built in taiwan . it was built in march 29 , 2000 and was manufactured by bolliger and mabillard.it is a mirror image of oblivion at alton towers in 1998 .
the eurocopter ec145 is a civil and military twin - turboshaft helicopter . it is built in germany . it is a modernized variant of the mbb / kawasaki bk117 . it is used for both transport and sar . the uh - 72 lakota is a military variant for the us army . the military variants are mainly known as eurocopter ec645 .
interstate 69 is an interstate highway in the united states . the main part of it goes from indianapolis , indiana north to port huron , michigan at the canada border . this part of the route is long . there are also parts of interstate 69 in mississippi and near evansville , indiana that are not currently connected to the other part . they will be connected when interstate 69 is built from indianapolis southwest to texas .
walter payton ( july 25 , 1954 – november 1 , 1999 ) was an american football player . he was born in columbia , mississippi . payton played for the chicago bears from 1975 to 1987 . the bears won super bowl xx in 1985 . payton was made a member of the pro football hall of fame in 1993 . he died of cholangiocarcinoma ( bile duct cancer ) in 1999 .
the name gloria is a female given name which is very common in the english language . the name means " glory " in latin language . there are several notable movies under the name " gloria " . notable celebrities under the name include gloria gaynor , gloria reuben , gloria vanderbilt and the singer gloria estefan . the name was used on a hurricane that struck the east coast of the united states in september 1985 .
clarence j . " bud " brown jr. ( born june 18 , 1927 ) is an american publisher and politician . he is a former republican united states representative from the 7th district of ohio , serving from 1965 to 1983 . appointed by president ronald reagan , he also served as the united states deputy secretary of commerce and acting secretary of commerce , in total from 1983 to 1988 . he is the father of actor clancy brown .
jalal dabagh ( born may 12 , 1939 in the city of silêmanî in southern - kurdistan ) , is a kurdish politician and writer / journalist . he is the party leader for the left party of south kurdistan.jalal dabagh has continuously taken part in the kurdish guerrilla movement , called the peshmerga , and has written and translated many books ; among other the kurdish translation of the communist manifesto .
marino perani ( 27 october 1939 – 18 october 2017 ) was a former italian football player . he has played for italy national team.in 2014 , perani got married at the age of 75 with the bolognese business woman anna ciano at the palazzo d'accursio . perani died at a hospital in bologna , italy on 18 october 2017 from stroke - related complications at the age of 77 .
linux mint is a linux distribution for desktop computers based on and compatible with debian or ubuntu.while at the core linux mint is mostly based on ubuntu , the design of the desktop and user interface are very different . these differences include a very unique desktop theme , a custom linux mint menu and the minttools , a collection of system tools designed to make managing the computer easier for users .
kwong siu - hing , or sometimes kwok kwong siu - hing ( ; born 1929 ) , is the matriarch of the kwok family.she controls sun hung kai properties , the largest property developer in hong kong.as of 2008 , kwong controls about 41.53 % of shk properties ' shares through a family trust , so she became the largest shareholder of the company .
ossie davis ( born raiford chatman davis ; december 18 , 1917 – february 4 , 2005 ) was an american movie , television and broadway actor , director , poet , playwright , author , and social activist . he was known for his role as yar in the 2000 animated movie " dinosaur " . he was married to actress ruby dee.davis died in miami , florida from heart disease , aged 87 .
infanta elena , duchess of lugo ( elena maría isabel dominica de silos de borbón y de grecia ; born 20 december 1963 ) is the first child and elder daughter of king juan carlos i of spain and queen sofía of spain . she is the third in the line of succession to the spanish throne . she has a younger sister , infanta cristina , and a younger brother , king felipe vi .
sir william ramsay kcb frs ( william ramsay , jr. ; 2 october 1852 – 23 july 1916 ) was a scottish chemist . ramsay discovered the noble gases . he also helped discover several elements that are on our periodic table today . he received the nobel prize in chemistry in 1904 " in recognition of his services in the discovery of the inert gaseous elements in air " ( along with lord rayleigh ) .
clinton is a canadian village in british columbia , canada . clinton is in the south cariboo region of british columbia . the population of clinton was 578 at the 2006 consensus . the town of clinton was originally known as 47 mile house or 47 mile but was changed to clinton in 1863 because of the completion of the cariboo wagon road which was in the area for henry fiennes pelham clinton .
euteleostomi is the largest group of vertebrates . except for hagfish , lampreys , and cartilaginous fishes all vetebrates are part of this group . all euteleostomi have a skeleton made of bone , and a skull . in the case of several fish related to the sturgeon , most of the skeleton has again been transformed to cartilage .
maggie roswell ( born november 14 , 1952 ) is an american actress . she got both an annie award and an emmy award . she voiced the characters maude flanders , miss hoover and helen lovejoy in the animated series " the simpsons " . she got her acting break during the 1980s in movies including " lost in america " and " pretty in pink " . the actress was born in los angeles , california .
adria airways was the national airline of slovenia . it began on 14 march 1961 and ended on 30 september 2019 . in 1969 , it bought its first jet aircraft , the douglas dc - 9 . in december 1981 , an adria airplane crashed in corsica . the crash killed 180 people . adria bought its first airbus a320 in 1989 . as of june 2015 , adria has 12 airplanes .
" ca n't hold us " is a song by american rapper macklemore and producer ryan lewis . it is from their album " the heist " ( 2012 ) . the music video is nominated for best music video at the 56th annual grammy awards in 2014 . it was released on august 16 , 2011 . the song also features actress susannah wetzel , who sings portions of the chorus alongside ray dalton .
ali hassan mwinyi ( born may 8 , 1925 ) is a tanzanian politician . he was the second president of tanzania from 1985 to 1995 . before that he had been interior minister and vice president . he also was chairman of the ruling party , the chama cha mapinduzi ( ccm ) from 1990 to 1996 . mwinyi was born in kivure , in the pwani region .
the second inauguration of andrew jackson as the seventh president of the united states took place in the house chamber of the u.s. capitol on monday , march 4 , 1833 . the inauguration was the beginning of the second term of andrew jackson as president and the only term of martin van buren as vice president.jackson was sworn in by chief justice john marshall . this was the first inauguration for which two inaugural balls were held .
mikkeli is a town in southern savonia , finland . as of january 2014 , the population was almost 54,700 . in the finnish point of view , mikkeli is a city , not a town . neighbouring municipalities are hirvensalmi , juva , kangasniemi , mäntyharju , pieksämäki , puumala and savitaipale.mikkeli was established in 1838 .
gillingham football club is an english football club . they are based in the town of gillingham , kent . they are currently in football league one . they play home games at priestfield stadium . gillingham are managed by steve lovell and the chairman is paul scally . the club captain , gabriel zakuani , plays in defence . they finished their last season ( 2017 - 18 ) in 17th .
zalmay mamozy khalilzad ( pashto : زلمی خلیلزاد " zalmay khalīlzād " ; born march 22 , 1951 ) is a counselor at the center for strategic and international studies ( csis ) and president of khalilzad associates . he was the united states ambassador to the united nations under president george w. bush from 2007 to 2009 .
rock flour , or glacial flour , consists of clay - sized particles of rock , generated by glacial erosion or by artificial grinding to a similar size . because the material is very small , it is suspended in river water making the water appear cloudy . if the river flows into a glacial lake , the lake may appear turquoise in color as a result . examples of this are lake louise , canada and gjende lake in norway .
political science is a branch of social science that is concerned with theory , description , analysis and prediction of political behavior , political systems and politics.political scientists study the allocation and transfer of power in decision - making , the roles and systems of governance including governments and international organizations , political behavior and public policies . they measure the success of governance and specific policies by examining many factors , including stability , justice , material wealth , and peace .
decapoda is an order of crustaceans in the class malacostraca . many familiar groups , such as crayfish , crabs , lobsters , prawns and shrimp are in this order . many decapods are scavengers - they eat dead plants and animals . crabs are mixed feeders , taking algae and shellfish such as molluscs . lobsters eat mostly live prey .
i confess is a 1953 american crime drama movie . it was directed by alfred hitchcock . the movie is based on the 1902 french play " nos deux consciences " ( " our two consciences " ) by paul anthelme . actors include montgomery clift , anne baxter , karl malden , brian aherne , o. e. hasse , and dolly haas . it was distributed by warner bros. .
full communion is a term used in christian ecclesiology to describe relations between two distinct christian communities or churches that recognise that each other shares the same communion and the same essential doctrines . that does not mean that there would be no differences at all between them.the meaning of full communion is different in , on the one hand , catholic and eastern orthodox christian theology , and , on the other hand , in the theology of other western christians .
juan mora fernández ( 1784 san josé - 1854 ) was costa rica 's first elected head of state in 1825 . he was considered a liberal and moved the capital from cartago to san josé . he is remembered for bringing in land reform . he followed a progressive course.because of his land reforms , an elite class of powerful coffee barons was created . the barons eventually overthrew one of his later successors .
suzanne nadine vega ( born 1959 in santa monica , california ) is an american singer , recording artist and songwriter . she is best known for her songs " luka " and " tom 's diner " . at the age of nine she began to write poetry . she wrote her first song at age fourteen . she attended new york 's high school of performing arts . there she studied modern dance and graduated in 1977 .
the enola gay is a b - 29 superfortress bomber . this plane is famous for dropping the first atomic bomb ( named little boy ) over the japanese city of hiroshima during world war ii . the bomber is named after its pilot , paul tibbets ' mother enola gay tibbets . the plane was used from 18 may 1945 to 24 july 1946 , after which it was stored at suitland , maryland .
joan boniface winnifrith ( known as anna lee ; 2 january 1913 – 14 may 2004 ) was an english actress . she acted in movies and television . she played sister margaretta in " the sound of music " . she also played lila in the soap " general hospital " . lee was born in the ightham section of kent , england . she died from pneumonia at age 91 in beverly hills , california .
j. whyatt mondesire ( october 10 , 1949 – october 4 , 2015 ) was an american journalist and civil rights activist . he was a reporter at " the philadelphia inquirer " during the early career . he now owns the " philadelphia sun " newspaper . he was president of the philadelphia branch of the naacp for over ten years.mondesire died in philadelphia from a brain aneurysm , aged 65 .
geoffrey l. duncan ( born april 1 , 1975 ) is an american businessman and politician . in 2019 , he became the 12th lieutenant governor of georgia . he was a member of the georgia house of representatives from 2013 to 2017 . after playing college baseball for the georgia tech yellow jackets , duncan played professional baseball for six years until a shoulder injury forced him to retire . he went into business and was elected to the georgia house in 2012 .
lausanne is a city in switzerland . it has a population of about 140,000 people . the city is the capital of the district lausanne . it is also the capital of the canton of vaud . lausanne is the fourth biggest city of switzerland . the syndic of lausanne ( syndic is the french word for mayor in the canton of vaud ) is grégoire junod , from the socialist party , since 2016 .
mostafa pourmohammadi ( ; born 9 march 1960 ) is an iranian politician and prosecutor . he was minister of interior from 2005 to 2008 and minister of justice from 2013 until 2017 . pourmohammadi took part of the 1988 massacre of iranian prisoners.during the 2020 coronavirus outbreak , pourmohammadi tested positive for sars - cov - 2 , the virus that causes covid - 19 .
stela popescu ( 21 december 1935 – 23 november 2017 ) was a well - known romanian actress , humanitarian and television personality . she was born in orhei . she was known for her roles as spiona in " uncle marin , the billionaire " ( 1979 ) . popescu died in bucharest on 23 november 2017 of a stroke at the age of 81 . her friend , actress cristina stamate , died four days later .
the vienna international film festival , or viennale , is a movie festival taking place every october since 1960 in vienna , austria.the average number of visitors is about 75,000 . at the end of the festival , the " vienna film prize " is awarded.during the festival , the " fipresci prize " is awarded by international movie critics . another prize is awarded by the readers of the austrian newspaper " der standard " .
piglet 's big movie is a 2003 american animated movie . it was released by walt disney pictures on march 21 , 2003 . it is based on the characters in the " winnie - the - pooh " books written by a . a. milne . in the movie , piglet is ashamed of being small . he wanders off into the hundred acre woods , leading his friends to form a search party to find him .
mycenae ( greek " mykēnai " or " mykēnē " ) , is an archaeological site in greece . it is about 90 km south - west of athens , in the north - eastern peloponnese.in the second millennium bc , mycenae was one of the most important centers of early greek civilization with a strong army . the time of greek history from about 1600 bc to about 1100 bc is called mycenaean greece .
a mixotroph is an organism that can use a mix of different sources of energy and carbon . usually this means that it may be either autotroph or heterotroph at different times in its life . also possible are alternations between photo - and chemotrophy , or between litho - and organotrophy . mixotrophs can be either eukaryotes or prokaryotes .
in medicine , saline refers to any solution of salt in water ; that is , salt water . such solutions are sterile when they are to be placed into the body by infusion or injection . if the solution has more salt in it than is found in the human body , it is called " hypertonic saline " . the normal salt level is 0.9 % and any salt amount more than 0.9 % is called hypertonic .
boris leskin ( january 5 , 1923 – february 21 , 2020 ) was a romanian - born russian - american actor . he was born in chişinău , bessarabia , romania he was known for his roles in " heavenly swallows " , " vampire 's kiss " and " men in black " . his last known role was in " everything is illuminated.leskin died in new york city on february 21 , 2020 at the age of 97 .
douglas allen " diesel " mohns ( december 13 , 1933 – february 7 , 2014 ) was an canadian - born american professional ice hockey player . he played 22 seasons in the national hockey league from 1953 – 54 until 1974 – 75 . mohns twice won the most coveted prize in junior hockey , the memorial cup . he played on the 1951 and 1953 barrie flyers teams.he died on february 7 , 2014 at the age of 80 .
buckypaper is a thin sheet made from an aggregate of carbon nanotubes or carbon nanotube grid paper . the nanotubes are approximately 50,000 times thinner than a human hair . originally , it was fabricated as a way to handle carbon nanotubes , but it is also being studied and developed into applications by several research groups , showing promise as vehicle armor , personal armor , and next - generation electronics and displays .
tomomi tsuruta ( march 25 , 1951 – may 13 , 2000 ) , better known by his ring name jumbo tsuruta , was a professional wrestler who wrestled for all japan pro wrestling for most of his career , and is well known for being the first ever ajpw triple crown heavyweight champion , having won the pwf heavyweight championship , the nwa united national championship , and the nwa international heavyweight championship , and unifying the three titles .
the united states naval criminal investigative service ( ncis ) is the primary law enforcement agency of the united states department of the navy ( don ) . it investigates activities concerning crimes against or by united states navy and u.s. marine corps personnel . it also is tasked with national security , counter-intelligence , and counter-terrorism cases . ncis is the successor organization to the former naval investigative service ( nis ) .
warren b. hamilton ( may 13 , 1925 – october 26 , 2018 ) was an american geologist . he was known for his works in geology and geophysics . he described the dynamic and petrologic evolution of earth 's crust and mantle . he worked for the us geological survey ( usgs ) in geologic , then geophysical , branches.hamilton died on october 26 , 2018 in golden , colorado at the age of 93 .
vitis is a genus of about 60 species of vining plants in the flowering plant family vitaceae . the genus is made up of species most often found in the northern hemisphere . it is economically important as the source of grapes , both for direct consumption of the fruit and for fermentation to produce wine . the cultivation of grapevines is called viticulture . a farm or garden where grapes are grown is a vineyard .
the pauline epistles are the fourteen new testament books which most christians think were written by the apostle paul . some of them are the earliest christian documents . they show many of the beliefs and controversies of christianity . many christians think these letters are very important for theology and ethics.the first timothy , second timothy , and titus are sometimes known as the pastoral epistles.in the order they appear in the new testament , the pauline epistles are :
in hinduism , a murti ( also spelled murthi or murthy ) usually means an image in which the divine spirit is expressed ( ' murta ' ) . hindus call the presence of god into the image so that they can communicate with him and receive his blessings.hindus do n't worship the murti or statue itself but the god who is present in their minds and souls . it can also be set up any where
adnan khashoggi ( , ; 25 july 1935 – 6 june 2017 ) was a saudi arabian international businessman and uncle of princess diana 's lover dodi al - fayed . he was best known for arms dealing . he is estimated to have had a peak net worth of around us $ 4 billion in the early 1980s . khashoggi died on 6 june 2017 at st. thomas ' hospital in london . he was 81 .
a caravel ( ) is a type of small sailing ship . it is easy to maneuver . it was developed in the 15th century by the portuguese . the portuguese used caravels to explore the west african coast and the atlantic ocean . lateen sails made the caravels fast and able to sail against the wind . caravels were used by the portuguese to explore oceans during the 15th and 16th centuries in the age of discovery .
stanisław mikulski ( 1 may 1929 – 27 november 2014 ) was a polish theatre , television , movie actor . he was a host of the polish game show " wheel of fortune " ( " koło fortuny " ) . mikulski was known for starring in the leading role in the 1967 - 1968 television series " stawka większa niż życie " . mikulski died in warsaw , poland , aged 85 .
vijaya mulay ( 16 may 1921 – 19 may 2019 ) was an indian filmmaker , historian , writer , educationist and researcher . she is best for directing and writing animated short movie " ek anek aur ekta " ( 1974 ) . for the movie , she won the national film award for best educational film . she was born in bombay.mulay died on 19 may 2019 at her south delhi home . she was 98 .
the juglandaceae , also known as the walnut family , is a family of trees , or sometimes shrubs , in the order fagales . the leaves are pinnately compound , or ternate , and usually 20 - 100 cm long.there are eight genera in the family , including the commercially important nut - producing trees walnut ( juglans ) , pecan ( carya illinoinensis ) , and hickory ( carya ) .
andrew hill " andy " card jr. ( born may 10 , 1947 ) is an american politician and lobbyist , former united states cabinet member , and head of george w. bush 's white house iraq group . card served as u.s. secretary of transportation under george h. w. bush and the white house chief of staff under his son . he announced his resignation as chief of staff march 28 , 2006 , effective april 14 , 2006 .
bob reade ( july 22 , 1932 – july 5 , 2020 ) was an american football coach . he was the head coach at augustana college in rock island , illinois from 1979 to 1994 . he was added into the college football hall of fame in 1998 . reade was born in monticello , iowa . he also played football at cornell university in the 1950s . reade died on july 5 , 2020 at the age of 87 .
walter hallstein ( 1901 -1982 ) was a german academic , diplomat , and politician . he was the first president of the commission of the european economic community . he was one of the founding fathers of the european union.hallstein is also the person behind the hallstein doctrine , wich the former state of west germany proclaimed in 1955 . it meant that west germany would n't have diplomatic relations with countries that recognized east germany .
benoîte groult ( january 31 , 1920 , in paris – june 20 , 2016 in hyères ) was a french journalist , writer and feminist activist.her novel " les vaisseaux du cœur " , published in 1988 , was called pornographic by some because of its explicit sexual depictions . it was filmed by andrew birkin in 1992 as " salt on our skin " . in april 2010 , she became commander of the légion d'honneur .
joo koon mrt station ( ew29 ) is a mrt station in singapore . it is along the east west mrt line . it was the terminus station until the tuas west extension is completed . the station code was originally w14 before the opening.however every alternate trains will still terminate here despite the opening of the twe . the other half of the westbound train will then proceed to tuas after joo koon .
cipriano de rore ( born in ronse , flanders , 1515 or 1516 ; died parma , september 1565 ) was a composer who lived in the renaissance period . he was flemish , but spent all his adult life in italy . the name de rore is a proper flemish name , not a name that has been changed to look italian . he was one of the most important composer of madrigals in the 16th century .
in cryptography , a key derivation function ( kdf ) makes a long secret key ( which is called a " hash " ) from a secret phrase , like a password . the output of a key derivation function will look common to another result made from a random phrase . they are also used to re-use secret keys in a specific format , like using a shared secret key from the diffie – hellman key exchange for sending secrets in aes .
nba jam is an arcade basketball video game . the game was released in 1993 . it was both developed and published by midway . the gameplay for " nba jam " is based on the 1989 video game " arch rivals " , which was another 2 - on - 2 basketball video game . the game is very popular in popular culture.in the game if you enter a specific code you can unlock bill clinton . it is 2 on 2 arcade basketball .
new castle is a town in westchester county , new york , united states . the population was 17,569 at the 2010 census.new castle has several locations on the national register of historic places , including the williams - dubois house , old chappaqua historic district , and isaac young house.according to the united states census bureau , the town has a total area of , of which is land and , or 1.15 % , is water .
vice admiral mathew quashie ( 23 march 1951 – 9 january 2020 ) was a ghanaian naval officer . he was the twenty - ninth chief of defence staff of the ghana armed forces from 2013 through 2016 . he also was the chief of naval staff of the ghana navy from 3 april 2009 to 28 march 2013 . he was born in accra.quashie died at an accra hospital on 9 january 2020 from an illness at the age of 68 .
siddhi savetsila ( , , , 7 january 1919 – 5 december 2015 ) was a thai air force officer and politician . he served as the foreign minister of thailand from 1980 to 1990 . he was the deputy prime minister of thailand serving from january through august 1986 . he has been a member of the privy council of king bhumibol adulyadej.savetsila died at the age of 96 in bangkok on 5 december 2015 .
adnan al - pachachi or adnan muzahim ameen al - pachachi ( ) ( may 14 , 1923 – november 17 , 2019 ) was an iraqi politician and diplomat . pachachi was iraq 's permanent representative to the united nations from 1959 to 1965 and foreign minister of iraq from 1965 to 1967 during the six - day war with israel.pachachi died in abu dhabi on november 17 , 2019 at the age of 96 .
glass rods are sometimes used as stirrers in laboratory environments.glass rods are often used to spread liquids evenly onto something . an example would be to coat glass surfaces with liquids to look at them under a microscope.glass rods rubbed with silk or fur were used in early demonstrations of electrical energy.glass rods are commonly manufactured in diameters of 3 mm , 6 mm , and 10 mm.glass is used for these rods because it does not react with most laboratory chemicals .
john lim gokongwei jr. ( ; 11 august 1926 – 9 november 2019 ) was a filipino billionaire businessman and philanthropist.he had holdings in telecommunications , financial services , petrochemicals , power generation , aviation , food , beverage , and livestock farming . gokongwei also owned universal robina corporation , one of the largest manufacturer of snacks in southeast asia . he was the chairman of jg summit holdings , one of the largest conglomerates in the philippines .
cognitive science studies how people make their ideas and what makes thoughts logical . it is often seen as the result of several different scientific fields working together . these fields are psychology ( a study of the mind ) , neuroscience ( biological study of the brain ) , computer science ( the creation of programs and computers ) , and linguistics ( the study of language ) . it does not refer to the sum of all these disciplines . it refers to their intersection on specific problems .
poás volcano national park , in spanish , is a national park in costa rica . the volcano is located in the province of alajuela . the main crater is deep and is active . there are frequent small geyser and lava eruptions . the last major eruptions were during 1952 - 54 . the park is frequently closed because of sulphur gas . over the last decade there have been indications that the volcano is slowly building up for a new eruption .
vauxhall gardens / vɒks ' ɔ : l / was a pleasure garden , one of the leading places for public entertainment in london , england from the mid 17th century to the mid 19th century.the site became vauxhall gardens in 1785 and money was charged to gain entry . in 1817 , the battle of waterloo was re-played with 1,000 soldiers taking part . the park closed in 1859 and the land was sold to become buildings .
a manga ( ) is a japanese comic book.manga is drawn by a " mangaka " ( ) ( japanese for cartoonist : an artist of comics ) . manga is usually read from right to left.the word manga can be both singular and plural , and mean both the medium of comics or a single comic . it is a form of art that is used to draw comics and develop anime ( animated cartoons of manga art ) . colors and symbols are important .
ralph jimmy schulz ( 22 october 1968 – 25 november 2019 ) was a german technology businessman and politician . he was a member of the bundestag from 2009 to 2013 and again from 2017 until his death in 2019 . schulz founded and sold an internet service provider called cyber solutions gmbh.in june 2019 , schulz was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer . he died on 25 november 2019 in hohenbrunn of the disease , aged 51 .
jean plaskie ( 24 august 1941 – 18 september 2017 ) was a belgian former football player . he was born in brussels , belgium.he played for r.s.c . anderlecht and the belgium . he played in the match belgium - netherlands in 1964 with 10 fellows from the anderlecht team after the substitution of goalkeeper delhasse by jean trappeniers.plaskie died on 18 september 2017 in brussels at the age of 76 .
pokki is a free digital distribution platform and windows shell extension by sweetlabs , inc. that gives computers running windows a mobile app - like interface . it is available for windows xp and later ; the windows 8 version takes over the start screen to imitate a look and feel of the second generation start menu in earlier versions of windows.malwaretips has said pokki is adware , and sophos av has said pokki is " viruses and spyware " .
robert guillaume ( born robert peter williams ; november 30 , 1927 – october 24 , 2017 ) was an american actor . he is known for his role as benson on the tv - series " soap " and the spin - off " benson " , voicing the mandrill rafiki in " the lion king " and as isaac jaffe on " sports night " . guillaume died on october 24 , 2017 at his home in los angeles , california from prostate cancer at the age of 89 .
alaska airlines ( ) is a large airline from the united states . they are headquartered in seattle , washington , where they have one of their four hubs . alaska airlines also has hubs in anchorage , alaska , los angeles , california and portland , oregon . the company was named the top " traditional carrier " in customer satisfaction for the third year in a row by j. d. power and associates . as of 2016 , it goes to 104 cities and has 164 airplanes .
cathay pacific limited is an airline based in hong kong . it transports passengers and cargo to over 120 cities world - wide . its main base and hub is at hong kong international airport . it is one of the six airlines in the world to get a five star rating from skytrax . it won " airline of the year " award from skytrax in 2003 , 2005 and 2009 . its sister airline is dragonair which serves destinations in mainland china and asia .
margaret of valois ( may 14 , 1553 – may 27 , 1615 ) was a princess of france and a member of the house of valois.her father was henry ii of france and her mother was catherine of medici . she was also the sister of francis ii of france , charles iv of france and henry iii of france . margaret was then married to henry iv of france.the author alexandre dumas , père wrote a book about margaret called " queen margot " .
diane loeffler ( july 12 , 1953 – november 16 , 2019 ) was an american politician . she was a member of the minnesota house of representatives from 2005 through 2019 . she was a member of the minnesota democratic – farmer – labor party ( dfl ) . loeffler was also a health policy analyst and planner for hennepin county . she was born in minneapolis.loeffler died in minneapolis on november 16 , 2019 of cancer , aged 66 .
the psyche is the human mind , conscious and unconscious . the word has a long history , going back to the ancient greek philosophers such as heraclitus and plato.it was used in older psychology and philosophy as meaning the source or cause of human nature . it is not a scientific term , but the word " psychology " is derived from it . the english word soul was sometimes used synonymously in older texts.in modern times the word is used as a synonym of mind .
nationstates is a website and browser based game and online community . it is about creating and managing a nation . it was created on 13 november 2002 by max barry . he created the game to advertise his book , " jennifer government " . the game does not cost money to play , however people can donate money to remove adverts . they can also buy bonuses related to " telegrams " , which are the way that players talk to each other directly .
marty napoleon ( june 2 , 1921 – april 27 , 2015 ) was an american jazz pianist . he was best known for having replaced earl hines in louis armstrong 's all stars in 1952 . he also worked with gene krupa , phil napoleon , teddy napoleon , charlie ventura , kai winding and rex stewart.napoleon was born in brooklyn , new york city to italian immigrants from sicily . he died on april 27 , 2015 in glen cove , long island , aged 93 .
gareth o'callaghan ( born 1961 ) is an irish author and retired radio and television presenter . he was most recently to be heard on 4fm , having presented shows on rté 2fm for much of his career until 2005 and then a show on galway bay fm until his retirement in 2018 . he is known for talking about depression and suicide awareness on his shows.in august 2018 , o'callaghan was diagnosed with a terminal form of neurodegenerative disease .
multiplexing is the name for an operation or method which combines several signals into one , before that signal is sent over a telecommunications line . at the other end of the line , the combined signals are " demultiplexed " , that is , the combination of the signals is undone . there are different ways how this multiplexing can be done : multiplexing was first done for telegraphy in the 1870s , and for telephone lines in 1910 . today , it is widely used .
andrew russell garfield ( born august 20 , 1980 ) is an american - english actor . he is best known for his role as peter parker in the 2012 movie " the amazing spider - man " . he was born in los angeles , california and was raised in epsom , surrey . garfield began his career on the uk stage and in television productions.in 2018 , he won a tony award for best actor in a play for his role as prior walter in " angels in america " .
jonathan lucas hunt ( born 2 december 1938 ) is a new zealand politician . he was new zealand 's high commissioner to the united kingdom from 2005 to march 2008 . he was speaker of the new zealand house of representatives . he is a member of the labour party.hunt is a member of the order of new zealand , new zealand 's highest civilian honour . hunt was given the nickname the " minister for wine and cheese " after his well - known liking of the combo .
a frequent - flyer program is offered by an airline to reward its customers for loyalty . people who are part of the program usually earn miles ( frequent - flyer points ) . these miles can be redeemed ( exchanged ) for free flights or other products and services . many airline alliances allow customers to earn and redeem miles with a number of airlines . this may also work with a codeshare agreement . the first airline to launch a frequent - flyer program was american airlines .
antoine - laurent de lavoisier ( 26 august 1743 – 8 may 1794 ) was a french nobleman , chemist and biologist . he is often called the " " father of modern chemistry " " . his work is an important part of the histories of chemistry and biology . it also contributed to the beginnings of atomic theory . he was the first scientist to recognise and name the elements hydrogen and oxygen . he was executed , as were hundreds of other nobles , during the french revolution .
the satanic bible is a book by anton lavey . the church of satan considers it their main text . it is a collection of essays that detail the core principles of satanism . it is not a book about worshiping satan . satan in the satanic bible is just a symbol of freedom from the restrictive rules of christianity and other right - hand path religions . the satanic bible teaches that god and the devil do not exist , and encourages people to worship themselves instead .
giovanni boccaccio ( june 16 , 1313 - december 21 , 1375 ) was an italian author and poet . he wrote several famous works , such as " on famous women " and the " decameron " . boccaccio was the first poet , who used ottava rima in longer poems.thus he started long tradition of employing this form in epic poems.some of geoffrey chaucer 's works were based on boccaccio 's poems .
a cardinal numeral ( or ' cardinal number word ' ) is a part of speech used to count.examples are the words " one " , " two " , " three " , and also compounds like " three hundred and forty - two " ( commonwealth english ) or " three hundred forty - two " ( american english ) . cardinal numbers are definite numerals , they are related to ordinal numbers , such as " first " , " second " , " third " , etc .
straw man is a device or trope used in arguments . the phrase describes a misrepresentation or false version of an argument . this is an informal fallacy . the reasoning is flawed because it distorts issues . a false version of the other side 's argument is proved wrong and it looks as if the real argument has been proved wrong.the straw man argument can have many forms . the fallacy of attacking a straw man can also arise from an honest mistake .
elmet ( ) was an independent brittonic kingdom . it occupied the area of what was later the west riding of yorkshire . elmet appears in records during the early middle ages between the 5th century and early 7th century . its neighbor to the east was the anglian kingdom of deira . the anglian kingdom of mercia was to the south . to the west it bordered on the irish sea . elmet was the last surviving british kingdom in the early anglo - saxon period .
franklin county is a county in the u.s. state of massachusetts . as of the 2010 census , the population was 71,372 , that makes it the least - populous county on the massachusetts mainland , and the third - least populous county in the state . the county seat and most populous city is greenfield . the largest town by area is new salem.franklin county was created on june 24 , 1811 from the northern third of hampshire county . it was named for benjamin franklin .
the parthian language is an old iranian language . it has been spoken in the northeast of iran , in the region called parthia . the main time of this language was about 248 b.c . until 224 a.d. that was during the parthian empire . parthian is an indo - european languages.at the time of sassanid empire , the parthian language was destroyed . middle persian replaced it.there are many words in armenian that came from parthian .
rayon is a manufactured reconstituted cellulose fiber . it is made from purified cellulose . this is mainly from wood pulp , which is chemically changed into a soluble compound . it is then dissolved and forced through a spinneret to produce filaments . these are chemically solidified , resulting in man - made fibres of nearly pure cellulose . because rayon is manufactured from naturally occurring polymers , it is considered a semi-synthetic fiber .
tia carrere ( january 2 , 1967 ) is an american movie and television performer . her career was launched around 1985 . she was born in honolulu , hawaii to filipino parents . her notable movies include the 1992 comedy " wayne 's world " . she began her career with the tv series " airwolf " . other television shows and movies followed . in 2006 , she was a contestant on the show " dancing with the stars " . carrere was born in honolulu , hawaii .
halo 4 is a first - person shooter video game made by 343 industries . it is published by microsoft studios and is available for xbox 360 . the game was announced at e3 2011 on june 4 , 2011 . halo 4 sees the return of master chief and cortana . on september 26 , 2012 , halo 4 was announced that it had completed development and the game was released worldwide ( except japan ) on november 6 , 2012 . halo 4 was released in japan on november 8 , 2012 .
the silsila - e-saifia urdu سیفیہarabic الطریقۃ السیفیہ is a muslim sufi order based in pakistan , with a following in the uk , europe , us , canada , afghanistan , india , bangladesh and various countries of the middle east . the order is linked to the lineage of naqshbandiyyah mujaddadiyyah , and the order 's grandmaster is akhundzada saif - ur - rahman mubarak .
lille is a city in the north of france with a population of about 226,800 inhabitants . it is the capital of the region hauts - de-france and the nord department . , and is not far from the border with belgium , where in dutch it is called . about two million people live in the urban area ( " conurbation " ) shared with kortrijk and tournai , which is the fifth largest in france behind paris , lyon , marseille , and toulouse .
when night is falling is a 1995 canadian romantic drama movie . it is about a university professor dealing with a bad relationship who gets confused when she starts having romantic feelings for a female circus performer . the mpaa rated the movie as nc - 17 . the movie was released without a rating rather than deal with the problems of being rated as nc - 17 . the movie was later released with two versions : the original unrated version , and an r rated version . patricia rozema directed the movie .
in theatre , blocking is the exact positioning of actors on a stage during a performance . the word comes from practices used by theatre directors of the 19th century , who worked out the staging of a scene on a model stage using wooden blocks to represent each of the actors . today , the director usually determines blocking during rehearsal . they tell the actors where they should move for the proper dramatic and lighting effect , and to ensure that the audience can see everything.the stage itself has been given named areas to help blocking .
lila downs ( september 9 , 1968 in tlaxiaco , oaxaca , mexico ) is a mexican / american singer - songwriter . she performs her own compositions as well as mexican traditional and popular music . she also incorporates indigenous mexican influences and have recorded songs in indigenous languages such as mixtec , zapotec , maya , nahuatl and p ' urhépecha . her albums are " one blood " , " shake away " , and " sins and miracles " has won various grammys and world music awards .
an electrostatic loudspeaker is a design of speaker . the sound is generated by force placed on a membrane suspended in an electrostatic field . the electrostatic loudspeaker is almost like magnetostatic loudspeaker but it does not use high currents , it uses high voltages . the membrane ( a thin film ) is controlled by voltage , and it moves between metal plates which are full of small holes.the sound quality from modern models of electrostatic loudspeaker is good .
a bulb is the part of some plants , mostly under the dirt , that stores food while the plant is resting from growing ( a " storage organ " ) . some well - known bulbs people grow to use as food are onions and garlic . some bulbs grown for the decorative flowers are the lily , tulip , and some irises.some plant storage organs that are similar to bulbs , but have different names are , tubers , corms ( swollen stems ) , tuberous roots , and pseudobulbs .
william frederick " willie " frazer ( 8 july 1960 – 28 june 2019 ) was an northern irish ulster loyalist activist . he was against the irish republican violence in northern ireland during the troubles . he was the founder and leader of the pressure group families acting for innocent relatives ( fair ) . he was also a leader of the love ulster campaign and more recently , the belfast city hall flag protests.on 28 june 2019 , frazer died at the age of 58 from multiple organ failure in craigavon , northern ireland .
rosemary clooney ( may 23 , 1928 - june 29 , 2002 ) was an american singer and actress . she was born in maysville , kentucky . she became known with her song " come on - a my house " . she starred in many movies . she was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and died of lung cancer in beverly hills , california.her brother is television presenter nick clooney ( born 1934 ) . his nephew was actor george clooney and was the mother of actor miguel ferrer .
planet sheen is an american cgi animated television series . it is the 2010 spin - off of the 2002 tv series " " and the 2001 oscar - nominated animated movie " " . the series was created by john a. davis , keith alcorn , and steve oedekerk . it was based on characters created by john a. davis . jeffrey garcia repeats his role as sheen in this series . there are also many new actors . it is unknown if it will show the original cast .
ruth gruber ( september 30 , 1911 – november 17 , 2016 ) was an american journalist , photographer , writer , humanitarian and a former united states government official . she served as a special assistant to the secretary of the interior during world war ii . she worked for the new york post and for the new york herald.gruber was born in new york city . she studied at the university of wisconsin – madison . gruber died at her home in new york city in november 17 , 2016 , aged 105 .
statistics is a branch of applied mathematics dealing with data collection , organization , analysis , interpretation and presentation . descriptive statistics summarize data . inferential statistics make predictions . statistics helps in the study of many other fields , such as science , medicine , economics , psychology , politics and marketing . someone who works in statistics is called a statistician . in addition to being the name of a field of study , the word " statistics " also refers to numbers that are used to describe data or relationships .
oliver martin johnston , jr. ( october 31 , 1912 – april 14 , 2008 ) was an american movie animator . he was one of disney 's nine old men , and the last one living . he also got the national medal of arts in 2005 . he was a good friend of frank thomas , another animator who was also one of the nine old men . they wrote " " , a book about animation . johnston 's hobby throughout his life was trains . also the pirates in castle rock entertainment .
imre földi ( 8 may 1938 – 23 april 2017 ) was a hungarian weightlifter . competing at a record of five olympic games , he won a gold medal in 1972 and silver medals in 1964 and 1968 . during his career he set 21 world records , and after his retirement he coached his daughter to become a european champion . földi earned numerous awards for his results and achievements , most notably he was named weightlifter of the century by the international weightlifting federation and was elected for sportsperson of the nation in hungary .
hugh ramapolo masekela ( 4 april 1939 – 23 january 2018 ) was a south african trumpeter , flugelhornist , cornetist , composer and singer . he has been described as the " father of south african jazz . " masekela was known for his jazz compositions and for writing well - known anti-apartheid songs such as " soweto blues " and " bring him back home " . masekela died in johannesburg on 23 january 2018 from prostate cancer , aged 78 .
the nurse shark ( " ginglymostoma cirratum " ) is a bottom - dwelling shark , and is the only known species in the genus ginglymostoma . they range in length from , and weigh . nurse sharks feed on crustaceans , mollusks , sea snakes , fish , coral , and tunicates.the nurse shark is common in the coastal tropical and subtropical waters of the eastern pacific and the atlantic ocean.nurse sharks are nocturnal , and are very sluggish and are harmless unless bothered .
the human centipede ( first sequence ) is a 2009 dutch horror movie . it is written and directed by tom six . the movie is about a mad doctor who wants to stick people together so they become what he calls his ' human centipede ' . " the human centipede " did not get very many good reviews , but tom six made two sequels to the movie called " the human centipede 2 ( full sequence ) " and " the human centipede 3 ( final sequence ) " .
maría juliana awada ( born april 3 , 1974 ) is an argentine socialite . she was the first lady of argentina , from 2015 until 2019 . she is the wife of former president mauricio macri.she is the first first lady of argentina to receive the honor of the knight grand cross of the order of isabella the catholic in 70 years and the second in history after eva perón in 1947 . in 2016 she was chosen the most elegant first lady in the world by " ¡ hola ! " magazine .
edward c. j . " eddie " litzenberger ( born july 15 , 1932 in neudorf , saskatchewan : died november 1 , 2010 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey right winger . he played for the chicago black hawks , montreal canadiens , detroit red wings and toronto maple leafs of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . litzenberger won the stanley cup 4 times one time in 1961 with the chicago black hawks and three times with the toronto maple leafs one in 1962 , one in 1963 and one in 1964 .
felice gimondi ( ; 29 september 1942 – 16 august 2019 ) was an italian professional racing cyclist . he won all three " grand tours " of road cycling : tour de france ( 1965 , his first year as a pro ) , giro d'italia ( 1967 , 1969 and 1976 ) , and vuelta a españa ( 1968 ) . he remains one of only seven cyclists to have done so.gimondi died on 16 august 2019 from a heart attack while swimming on vacation in sicily . he was 76 .
mäntä - vilppula is a town and a municipality located in finland . it was formed in 2009 , when two municipalities , mänttä and vilppula , joined together . it is in the pirkanmaa region.the town has a population of 9,978 ( 31 january 2019 ) . it covers an area of 657.08 square kilometers.next to it are the municipalities of keuruu , juupajoki , jämsä , ruovesi and virrat .
the gits was a punk rock band that formed in seattle , washington in 1986 and disbanded in 1993 after the mysterious murder of their lead singer mia zapata . joan jett who is a long time fan of the gits wrote a song entitled " go home " which was inspired by the death of mia zapata.the band 's original name was " " snivelling little rat faced gits " " which was named after a monty python skit but they later shortened it to " the gits " .
fulham football club is an english football club from london that currently plays in the football league championship . it plays in a white shirt and black shorts for home games . for away games , it played in red shirts and white shorts in 2013/14 , but has played in colours such as green , yellow or black . the team 's away kit in 2014 is navy with orange sleeves . shahid khan owns the club . he is from the united states , and also owns the jacksonville jaguars , a famous nfl team .
the richmond football club , nicknamed the tigers , is a professional australian rules football club playing in the australian football league ( afl ) . between its creation in the melbourne suburb of richmond in 1885 and 1907 , the club competed in the victorian football association ( vfa ) . richmond joined the victorian football league ( now known as the afl ) in 1908 and has since won twelve premierships , most recently in 2019 . richmond traditionally wears a black guernsey with a yellow sash . the club song , " we 're from tigerland " .
the united states department of justice ( doj ) is a cabinet department in the federal government of the united states . its jobs are to enforce the law , defend the interests of the united states according to law , and to ensure fair and impartial administration of justice . parts of doj include the federal bureau of investigation , the drug enforcement administration , and prosecutor offices in about a hundred districts in the united states . the doj is administered by the united states attorney general , one of the original members of the cabinet .
citv is a british television channel . it is broadcast by sky digital , virgin media , and freesat . it was released on 17 december 1981 . it became available on freeview in may 2006 . it was also released on sky in may and ntl on 6 june . both the analogue and the sky versions were released on virgin media 's virtual menu on 19 may 2007 . the analogue version was removed from the platform in 2011 and only the sky version remained available on the platform 's virtual menu .
nucleosomes are the building blocks which make up chromosomes . they consist of a segment of dna wound around a histone protein core.first , dna and a protein make up chromatin . then the chromatin is packed up into nucleosomes . nucleosomes are then packaged up to make a chromosome . the packages do three things : the chromosomes function in cell division ; the very long dna is wrapped up in a shorter package ; and the proteins regulate the gene action in cells .
shaun edward marsh ( born 9 july , 1983 in narrogin , western australia ) is an australian cricketer . he is nicknamed ' sos ' . he is a left - handed batsman with a first - class batting average of 40 . on 8 september , 2011 , marsh made his test debut for australia in the 2nd test against sri lanka at pallekele in replace of the unavailable ricky ponting . thus far in the australian innings , marsh has scored 87 * batting with michael hussey in a 148 run partnership .
gustav metzger ( 10 april 1926 – 1 march 2017 ) was a british artist and political activist . he was best known for developing the concept of auto - destructive art ( ada ) and the art strike . he was also one of the starters of the destruction in art symposium in september 1966 . metzger was born in nuremberg , germany . he was the son of polish jews . he moved to the united kingdom in 1939 as a refugee.metzger died on 1 march 2017 in london , at the age of 90 .
john duncan anderson ( born 14 november 1956 ) is an australian politician . he was the deputy prime minister of australia and leader of the national party from 1999 to 2005 . he was a member of the house of representatives from 1989 to 2007 . he also served as minister for primary industries and energy ( 1996 – 1998 ) and minister for transport and regional development ( 1998 – 2005 ) in the howard government.anderson was born in sydney , new south wales . he is married to julia robertson . the couple have five children .
suwanee is a city in the american state of georgia . it is in gwinnett county . in 2005 , about 12,500 people lived in suwanee . according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 25.6 km ² ( 9.9 mi ² ) . 25.4 km ² ( 9.8 mi ² ) of it is land and 0.2 km ² ( 0.1 mi ² ) of it ( 0.71 % ) is water .
a disposable ( also called disposable product ) is a product designed to be used only once , and then it would be recycled or is thrown away as solid waste . the word often implies cheapness and short - term convenience instead of something that will last for a long time . the term is also sometimes used for products that may last several months ( e.g . disposable air filters ) to distinguish from similar things that last forever ( e.g . washable air filters ) .
the cook , the thief , his wife & her lover is a 1989 british independent movie starring richard bohringer , alan howard , michael gambon and helen mirren and directed by peter greenaway . this movie was originally tagged by the mpaa under an x rating , due to which commercial distribution of this movie was limited . the x rating was then surrendered , and this movie was released with no rating . it was later released onto video with two versions , one rated nc - 17 , and the other under an r rating .
a metropolitan area network ( often shortened to man ) is a computer network that connects several other local area networks ( lans ) . an example of where mans are used , are the networks on a campus of a university . mans use different technologies than lans . today , most mans are done using fibre optic cabling . protocol suites used in mans include asynchronous transfer mode , switched multimegabit data service , and distributed - queue dual - bus . mans can reach distances of up to 100 km .
carlito 's way is a 1993 crime drama movie set in new york city in 1975 . it was directed by brian de palma and produced by martin bregman . the movie is about carlito brigante . he is released from prison and wants to go straight . however , he can not escape from his past , and gets dragged back into criminal activity . al pacino plays carlito . penelope ann miller plays carlito 's girlfriend gail . sean penn plays carlito 's lawyer dave kleinfeld .
netball is a sport played in two teams of seven . it is like basketball except that bouncing the ball is not allowed . the player can not step with the ball either , nor hold it for more than three seconds . the game proceeds by players throwing ( passing ) the ball to each other until one attempts to throw it through the hoop , known as a " shot " . there are 7 fixed positions on the court , which restrict the places where each player is allowed to go : there are many rules in netball some of which are :
wu jianmin ( ; march 30 , 1939 – june 18 , 2016 ) was a chinese diplomat . he worked as the spokesman of chinese foreign ministry . he was an ambassador of china to the netherlands , geneva and france . he was the president of the bureau international des expositions.on june 18 , 2016 , wu died when the car in which he was traveling struck a median while exiting the donghu lake tunnel in wuhan , china . wu was on his way to lecture at wuhan university . he was 77 .
stenorhynchus seticornis is the arrow crab . its body is triangular , with long and thin legs . they are up to 10 cm ( 3.9 in ) across , and the animal 's carapace may be up to 6 cm ( 2.4 in ) long . they have a lot of different colors on their bodies . they may be golden , yellow or cream , brown , black or iridescent - blue lines ; the legs are reddish or yellow , and the claws are blue or violet .
wojciech mikołaj zabłocki ( born december 6 , 1930 ) is a polish architect and fencer . he was born in warsaw . he is a founding member of the art of the olympians.zabłocki participated in four olympic games : 1952 helsinki , 1956 melbourne , 1960 rome , 1964 tokyo and won two silver ( 1956 , 1960 ) and one bronze medal ( 1964 ) in team sabre fencing.in 1963 , he married actress alina janowska . she died in 2017 .
merab ilyich chigoev ( ; 15 february 1950 – 9 january 2016 ) was a south ossetian politician . he was the former prime minister serving from august 1998 until june 2001 . he was also minister of justice in yury morozov 's cabinet . he was born in leningor district , south ossetian autonomous oblast , georgian ssr , soviet union.chigoev was killed in a car crash in tskhinvali , south ossetia on 9 january 2016 at the age of 65 .
spock is a character in " star trek " . he is often called mr. spock by others . he has been played by leonard nimoy and by zachary quinto . jacob kogan played spock when he was a child in the 2009 movie " star trek " . spock is half vulcan and half human.spock first appeared in " " and he was in many of the star trek movies . he also appeared in two episodes of " " . spock 's signature gesture was the vulcan salute .
an oar is a tool used to move a boat through water . oars have a flat blade at one end . the oarsmen grasp the oar at the other end . the difference between oars and paddles is that paddles are held by the paddler , and are not connected with the vessel . oars generally are fastened to the vessel . the use of oars is called rowing . an oar used at the stern ( rear ) of a boat to steer is called a steering oar .
süleyman gündoğdu demirel , better known as süleyman demirel ( 1 november 1924 – 17 june 2015 ) , was a turkish politician . he was prime minister of turkey seven times . he was the ninth president of turkey from 1993 to 2000 . demirel was born on 1 november 1924 in i̇slamköy , atabey , isparta . he studied at istanbul technical university . demirel was married to nazmiye demirel from 1948 until her death in 2013 . he died after suffering from a lung infection in ankara , aged 90 .
siegfried köhler ( july 30 , 1923 in freiburg im breisgau – september 12 , 2017 in wiesbaden ) was a german conductor and composer of classical music . he worked as general music director of opera houses such as hessisches staatstheater wiesbaden and the royal swedish opera . he conducted premieres of works by hans werner henze and volker david kirchner , among others , and revived rarely performed operas . he also composed music for the stage and taught at universities of music in cologne and saarbrücken .
julien fourgeaud ( 25 april 1980 – 6 august 2014 ) was a french businessman and inventor . he was the digital services product strategist for finnish video game developer rovio . his work at the company led to the success of " angry birds " . he later co-founded scarlet motors . he also worked for the mobile phone company nokia . he was born in cluses , haute - savoie.fourgeaud died in a base jumping accident on 6 august 2014 in magland . he was 34 .
harry gulkin ( november 14 , 1927 – july 23 , 2018 ) was a canadian director , screenwriter and producer . he was born in montreal , quebec . he was perhaps best known for producing " lies my father told me " . it was nominated for an academy award for best screenplay , and won a golden globe for best foreign movie.from 1983 to 1987 , gulkin was director of the saidye bronfman centre for the arts.gulkin died in montreal on july 23 , 2018 from pneumonia , aged 90 .
ornithurae ( meaning ' bird tails ' in greek ) is the name of a natural group which includes all modern birds as well as their extinct relatives with plough - shaped pygostyles ( † ichthyornis , † hesperornithes , † limenavis ) . this is a bone at the end of the tail which allows the tail feathers to fan and retract . " gansus " , from the lower cretaceous of china is the earliest known at 110 million years ago.simple classification :
colm is a masculine given name . it comes from the irish word for " dove " . there are three ways to pronounce this name . colm is the short form of the roman name columba , which also means " dove " . saint columba was a 6th - century irish monk who founded a monastery on the island of iona in scotland.famous colms include television and movie actor colm meaney , actor colm feore , and novelists colm toibin and colum mccann .
gary is a city in the state of indiana , in the midwestern united states . gary is known for its steel mills and for being the birthplace of singer michael jackson.the population of gary is less than 80,000 . this is under half what it was in 1960 . industry has been reduced a lot since the 1960s . most of the city 's middle - class and white people moved away . it is now 85 % african - american.gary has a humid continental climate ( dfa in the köppen climate classification ) .
november ( nov. ) is the eleventh and penultimate ( second - last ) month of the year in the gregorian calendar , coming between october and december . it has 30 days . its name is from the latin word " novem " , which meant " nine " . it was the ninth month of the year before january and february were added to the roman calendar.november always begins on the same day of the week as march , and additionally , february in common years . november always ends on the same day of the week as august .
an aranjanam is a thin belt or tie worn around the waist by many south asian people . it is usually made of gold or black cotton and gold . it is given to baby boys on the 28th day after the baby is born . the tradition is common in south india for people of any religion . the parents believe it keeps away evil ( bad ) spirits . many south asian adults wear an aranjanam . they wear it under their clothes . they usually keep it on all the time , even when nude .
evolve is a first - person shooter video game . it was developed by turtle rock studios and published by 2k games . the game was released on february 10 , 2015 for the playstation 4 , xbox one , and microsoft windows.on july 1 , the game won the best of e3 2014 " best of show " , and it was also the winner of the " best console game " , " best action game " and " best online multiplayer " awards . on august 15 , the game was awarded the most awards at the 2014 gamescom awards .
priscilla renea ( born september 14 , 1988 ) is an american and soul musician . she released the single " dollhouse " in august 2009 . the song , however , failed to chart on billboard hot 100 . it did , though , become a mild hit . her debut album , " jukebox " , got positive reviews from critics . " jukebox " did not sell much beyond 3,000 copies in the united states , nor beyond 5,000 copies worldwide.renea was born in vero beach , florida .
the division of barker is an australian electoral division in the south - east of south australia . it includes the towns of barmera , berri , bordertown , keith , kingston se , loxton , mannum , millicent , mount gambier , murray bridge , naracoorte , penola , renmark , tailem bend , waikerie , and parts of nuriootpa and tanunda . it was set up in 1903 , and named for collet barker , who explored the mouth of the murray river in 1831 .
the atari 7800 is a 8 - bit video game console . it was competing with the nintendo entertainment system and the sega master system . it was atari 's third - to - last attempt to create another video game system that would be a successor to the atari 2600 . it was a short - lived success.the atari 7800 is backwards compatible with atari 2600 games , but not atari 5200 games . the atari 7800 is also compatible with atari 2600 controllers , such as the atari paddle controller and the atari joystick controller .
" pretty vacant " is a song by the english punk rock band the sex pistols . it was released in 1977 , as the third single from their album " never mind the bollocks , here 's the sex pistols " . the song is infamous for vocalist john lydon 's phrasing of the word " vacant " , emphasizing the last syllable making it sound like the vulgar word " cunt " . the b - side is a cover of the stooges ' " no fun " which they played on the spot without a proper rehearsal .
exology chapter 1 : the lost planet ( stylized as exology chapter 1 : the lost planet ) is the first live album by south korean boy band exo . it was released on december 22 , 2014 by s.m . entertainment . it has 2 cds and a total of 36 songs ( 1 cd and 18 songs ) , including individual tracks from each of the members and studio versions of some of his songs remixed ( remix korean and mandarin / mandarin and korean ) . the album was released in two versions : a normal version and a special version .
ponte morandi ( english : " morandi bridge " ) , or polcevera viaduct , was a bridge on the a10 motorway in genoa , italy . the bridge was one of the major links to france.the bridge was built between 1963 and 1967 . it opened on 4 september 1967 . on 14 august 2018 , a large part of the bridge collapsed . forty - three people were killed.eyewitnesses said the bridge was hit by lightning just before it collapsed.between 30 and 35 cars and three trucks fell from the bridge .
william childs westmoreland ( march 26 , 1914 – july 18 , 2005 ) was an united states army four - star general.westmoreland commanded u.s. military operations in the vietnam war at its peak ( 1964 – 68 ) , including during the 1968 tet offensive . he adopted a strategy of attrition against the viet cong and the north vietnamese army.he later served as u.s. army chief of staff from 1968 to 1972 . he was mentioned in a " time " magazine article as a potential candidate for the 1968 republican nomination .
sylvia belle chase ( february 23 , 1938 – january 3 , 2019 ) was an american broadcast journalist . she was a correspondent for abc 's " 20/20 " from 1978 until 1985 . she left to become a news anchor at kron - tv in san francisco ; in 1990 she returned to abc news in new york.chase was born in northfield , minnesota . she studied at university of california , los angeles . chase , who was diabetic , died in belvedere , california on january 3 , 2019 from brain cancer , aged 80 .
a fasciculation , or " muscle twitch " , is a small , local , involuntary muscle contraction and relaxation . at times it may be visible under the skin . deeper areas can be detected by emg testing . a fasciculation can happen in any skeletal muscle in the body . fasciculations can occur in normal healthy people . one uncommon reason for them is due to a lower motor neuron lesion that may be caused by any of several diseases . one example would be amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
richard anderson falk ( born november 13 , 1930 ) is an american human rights activist , academic and writer . he was a professor of international law at princeton university . he is the author or co-author of 20 books and the editor or co-editor of another 20 volumes.from 2008 to 2014 , he was a united nations special rapporteur on " the situation of human rights in the palestinian territories occupied since 1967 " . falk was born in new york city . he is jewish . he is married to hilal elver .
johnson wax headquarters is the world headquarters and administration building of s. c. johnson & son . it is in racine , wisconsin . it was designed by american architect frank lloyd wright for the company 's president , herbert f. " hib " johnson . the building was constructed from 1936 to 1939 . also known as the johnson wax administration building , it and the nearby 14 - story johnson wax research tower ( built 1944 – 1950 ) were designated as a national historic landmark in 1976 as administration building and research tower , s.c. johnson and son .
heuriger is a word that describes the wine of the current year , and the places which serve it . according to a law of 1784 , the winemakers may serve their own current wine , without a special license . these restaurants are licensed according to laws of the bundesland . in vienna these laws date from 1975 . very often , these establishments also serve cheese and sausages , other meat products , certain kinds of fish , mixed pickles , eggs , various spreads ( to put on breads ) etc . usually they only serve cold dishes .
rainer maria rilke ( 4 december 1875 – 29 december 1926 ) , was an austrian poet and writer . his best - known works include the collection of poetry " duino elegies " , " sonnets to orpheus " , and the novel " the notebooks of malte laurids brigge " . rilke was born in prague , austro - hungarian empire . rilke studied literature , art history , and philosophy in munich and prague . he travelled widely throughout europe and north africa . he died of leukemia in montreux , switzerland .
an evolutionary grade is a group of species at the same level of organisation.it refers to a group of animals or plants which are very similar , but which are not a clade . they have a similar morphological or physiological complexity , and they are often adapted to the same way of life.the term was coined by julian huxley , to contrast with clade , which is a strictly phylogenetic unit . the use of ' grade ' as a term in biology was strongly supported by ernst mayr , who also pointed out that the term had been used for some time before cladism .
luis maldonado venegas ( november 19 , 1956 – april 30 , 2019 ) was a mexican politician and lawyer . he was born in mexico city . maldonado was a member of the party of the democratic revolution . he was a federal deputy representing mexico city and the fourth electoral region in the lxiii legislature of the mexican congress from 2015 to 2018 . maldonado also was the national president of the convergencia political party.maldonado died in mexico city on april 30 , 2019 from problems caused by surgery at the age of 62 .
buffalo is a city in the u.s. state of new york . buffalo is the second - biggest city in new york state.there are about 280,000 people in the city of buffalo . there are more than a million people in the surrounding area.buffalo is on the eastern side of lake erie near the niagara river . it is close to niagara falls , and to canada.buffalo has an nfl team called the buffalo bills ( who play in the suburb of orchard park , ny ) and an nhl team called the buffalo sabres .
gerald götting ( 9 june 1923 – 19 may 2015 ) was a german politician . he was the east german president of the people 's chamber from 12 may 1969 until 29 october 1976 . götting was born in nietleben , province of saxony , now part of halle , saxony - anhalt . during world war ii , he served in the reichsarbeitsdienst and later in the wehrmacht . he was briefly held as a prisoner of war by u.s. forces in 1945 . götting died after a long illness on 19 may 2015 in berlin , aged 91 .
a colonel is a rank of officer in the military . it is usually the highest or second highest rank before general and field marshal , but many of the countries represents this post as the highest military officer like gambia , libya , niger , suriname etc . . a colonel is usually in charge of a regiment.the word comes from the latin word " columnella " which means column , but it was first used in italy as the name for the officer in charge of a column . it came into english from french . it is usually said like the word " kernel " .
the western is a genre of fiction . westerns tell stories that are set mostly in the second half of the 19th century in the american old west , hence the name . there are also stories about western - type characters set in other times . these include " junior bonner " ( set in the 1970s ) and " the three burials of melquiades estrada " ( set in the 21st century ) . the genre has been popular since the beginning of the movie industry . one of the very first commercial movies was the 1903 silent western , " the great train robbery " .
carlos oscar reichenbach son ( 14 june 1945 – 14 june 2012 ) was a brazilian filmmaker who is known for his movies such as ; " dream of life " , " forbidden paradise " , " city life " , and " look and feel " . reichenbach was born on june 14 , 1945 in porto alegre , rio grande do sul , brazil , but was raised in são paulo , brazil . reichenbach studied at the school of cinema são luiz . reichenbach died on his 67th birthday june 14 , 1945 from heart failure in são paulo , brazil , aged 67 .
thomas franklin mcdonald ( july 26 , 1934 – september 24 , 2018 ) was an american football flanker . he was born in roy , new mexico.mcdonald played for the philadelphia eagles , dallas cowboys , los angeles rams , atlanta falcons , and cleveland browns . he was a member of the pro football hall of fame and college football hall of fame.on march 15 , 1969 , he announced his retirement from pro football . in 1998 , he was added to the pro football hall of fame.mcdonald died on september 24 , 2018 , at the age of 84 .
parasailing is a sport . parasailers are put into a harness that is attached to a parachute . they hold on to a rope and are towed at high speeds behind a vehicle ( usually a boat , but sometimes a truck on land ) . the parachute helps them rise up into the air behind the vehicle . people parasail for the thrill and also to get a good , high view of the scenery around them.parasailing is a popular recreational activity that was developed in the 1960s . dangers include falling too fast while in the air with injuries upon landing .
stoicism was a school of hellenistic philosophy and was founded in athens by zeno of citium in the early third century bc . it concerns the active relationship between cosmic determinism and human freedom , and the belief that it is virtuous to maintain a will ( called " prohairesis " ) that is in accord with nature.stoic doctrine was popular in greece and the roman empire from its founding until all the schools of philosophy were ordered closed in 529 ad by the emperor justinian i , who perceived their pagan character to be at odds with his christian faith .
there are 5 arrondissements in the bas - rhin department . the french departments , and in other countries , are divided into " arrondissements " , which may be translated into english as districts ( in some cases , as boroughs ) . the capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.if the prefecture ( capital ) of the department is in an arrondissement , that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement , acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.arrondissements are further divided into communes.the arrondissements of bas - rhin are :
affenpinscher is a small breed ( type ) of dog in the toy group . these dogs originally came from germany and are known to have existed since the 1600s . their name comes from the german word " affe , " which means " monkey , " because their faces remind people of monkeys . originally , the dog was bred to be a " ratter , " a type of dog that kills rats and mice in homes , farms , and stables . now that mice are not so commonly found in the home , affenpinschers are usually just kept as pets .
fred mcleod is a sportscaster for fox sports ohio calling games for the cleveland cavaliers of the national basketball association . he performed the same role for the detroit pistons . he also called high school football and high school basketball for fox sports detroit . he was a weekend sports anchor on wdiv - tv as well as a host of sports final edition . he called games for the detroit tigers , cleveland indians , and oakland athletics . he was sports anchor for kqtv - tv , wstv - tv , kqtv - tv , and kpix - tv .
ottakring is part of vienna . it is the 16th district of vienna , created in 1893 from the villages of ottakring and neulerchenfeld . ottakring can be reached by public transit ; it is west of the city centre.today , there are fewer people in this district than in the past . in 1910 , about 179,000 people lived there , but in 2019 there were only 103,000 . josef weinheber and michael häupl ( the current mayor of vienna ) are some famous people from ottakring .
an inventor is a person who makes new inventions , devices that perform some kind of function . the devices are mostly electrical or mechanical . someone that invents new ideas or methods on how to do things may also be called an inventor . inventors can receive a patent.many inventors make small changes to old inventions . for example , people have invented new ways to make clocks over history . early clocks were sundials , later clocks used water , and pendulums . modern clocks are often electronic . other machines such as vehicles are made of many inventions .
silent hill : downpour is a survival horror video game published by konami digital entertainment and developed by vatra games . it is the eighth game in the " silent hill " series . it was released for the playstation 3 and xbox 360 . it was released on march 13 , 2012 in north america , march 29 , 2012 in europe , april 5 , 2012 in australia , and on november 8 , 2012 in japan for the playstation 3 . the game is about a prisoner named murphy pendleton who enters silent hill , every so often enters the alternate dimension and unlocks personal repressed memories .
midland is a city in the american state of texas . it is called midland , because it is the midway point between two bigger cities in texas , fort worth and el paso . oil was discovered in the region in 1923 and is still a larger part of the economy.midland is also famous as the hometown of former first lady barbara walker bush . she and her husband , former president george h. w. bush lived there , with their children including the later us president george w. bush and his wife laura , and his brother jeb bush , the former governor of florida .
sister sledge is an american r & b and pop music group . it was founded in philadelphia in 1971 . they have had several hit singles . their hits are " we are family " , " frankie " and " he 's the greatest dancer " . their names are kim , kathy , joni and debbie . sledge is their actual last name . the original identity of the group was " mrs. williams grandchildren " , though it was later changed to the current name " sister sledge " . they were especially popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
didier bezace ( 10 february 1946 – 11 march 2020 ) was a french actor.he staged works by georges feydeau , emmanuel bove , and molière whose ( " the school for wives " ) opened the festival d'avignon in july 2001 . in television , he can be seen in " les thibault " , " sissi " and recently in " mon fils d'ailleurs " . he was also in the movir " le pressentiment " , working with jean - pierre darroussin based on the novel by emmanuel bove .
kirkcudbrightshire is a scottish county on the solway firth in the south - west of scotland.its county town is kirkcudbright.kirkcudbrightshire was known by other names in the past : east galloway because it is the eastern part of the old kingdom of galloway , and the stewartry of kirkcudbright , because it was once governed by a steward employed by the lord of galloway and not a sheriff appointed by the king.kirkcudbrightshire is named after the town of kirkcudbright , which means " cuthbert 's church " .
most of frédéric chopin 's compositions were for solo piano . he also composed piano concertos ( his concertos no . 1 and no . 2 are two of the romantic piano concerto repertoire 's most often - performed pieces ) as well as some other music for ensembles.this listing uses the traditional opus numbers where they apply ; other works are listed by number from the catalogues of maurice j. e. brown ( b ) , krystyna kobylańska ( kk ) , and józef michał chomiński ( a , c , d , e , p , s ) .
jim boyd ( 1956 – june 22 , 2016 ) was an american singer - songwriter , actor and member of the jim boyd band on the colville indian reservation in washington . he was born in lancaster , california.boyd has performed in several groups , including xit , greywolf and winterhawk . boyd sang four songs with lyrics by sherman alexie on the soundtrack for the 1998 movie " smoke signals " , and also appeared in alexie 's " the business of fancydancing " . boyd died on june 22 , 2016 in colville indian reservation , washington , aged 60 .
sade ( helen folasade adu , obe , born january 1959 ) is a british - nigerian singer - songwriter who has many hit songs . among them are " no ordinary love " , " the sweetest taboo " and " paradise " , all of them getting high marks on united states music charts.sade was born in nigeria to an english mother and nigerian father . she moved to essex at age four . in 2002 , adu was awarded an obe for services to music , and stated her award was " a great gesture to me and all black women in england " .
cabot is the largest city in lonoke county , arkansas , united states . it is about 30 miles from little rock . according to 2010 u.s. census bureau estimates , the population of the city is 23,776 , ranking it as the state 's 20th largest city , behind paragould . it is part of the little rock – north little rock – conway metropolitan statistical area.cabot has the third highest median household income in arkansas ( after maumelle and white hall ) . it is covered by the national weather service forecast office in north little rock .
barsha lekhi ( nepali : ) ( born may 5 , 1993 , in saptari , nepal ) is a title winner of miss nepal international 2016 and environmental activist . she is second runner up of miss international nepal 2016 . she had also represented nepal at the miss international 2016 beauty pageant which was held in japan on october 27 , 2016 . she also won miss popular title in miss nepal 2016 . being environmental science student she has worked at nefin - redd / cc partnership program . currently she is pursuing her masters degree in environmental science from jawaharlal nehru university .
a phone connector ( also called jack plug , stereoplug ) is an electrical plug that is used in audio systems . for example , it is used in electric guitar cables to connect the guitar to an amplifier . there are typically three different sizes of phone connectors : 6.3 mm , 3.5 mm and 2.5 mm diameters.balanced and unbalanced circuits are possible with stereoplug connector when using monosignal per one stereoplug . sound quality improves with a balanced circuit because noise signal reduces , especially with microphones where the signal is often weak .
johnny rozsa ( born 19 ? ? ) is a well known new york photographer . rozsa was born and raised in nairobi , and is of jewish descent . he arrived in london in the 1960s and , after college , ran a vintage shop in covent garden . here he met fashion editors , models , actors , and photographers on a daily basis.rozsa photographed famous people including hugh grant , halle berry , janet jackson , nicholas cage , john malkovich and natasha richardson.rozsa published a book in 2009 called " untouched " , which included many of his photographs .
titan a.e . is a 2000 animated science fiction movie from fox animation studios and twentieth century fox . the name of the movie comes from the fictional spacecraft that is a main part of the plot . the " a.e . " meaning " after earth . " the movie was created using both hand - drawn animation and computer generated imagery . " titan a.e . " did not make much money in theaters . it made only $ 9,376,845 during its opening weekend , and a total of $ 22,753,426 in theaters .
murad wilfried hofmann ( 6 july 1931 – 13 january 2020 ) was a german politician and author . he wrote many books on islam , including " journey to makkah " ( ) and " islam : the alternative " ( ) . he was one of the signatories of a common word between us and you . he was born in aschaffenburg , germany . hofmann was a german ambassador to algeria ( 1987 – 1990 ) and morocco ( 1990 – 1994 ) . hofmann died on 13 january 2020 in bonn , germany at the age of 88 .
the king 's men was a company of actors . william shakespeare belonged to it through most of his career . during the rule of queen elizabeth i , they were known as " the lord chamberlain 's men " . they became " the king 's men " in 1603 when king james i had the throne and became the company 's patron . all acting groups had to have a licence to perform , and the licence was usually owned by an important nobleman . another company of actors at the time was " the admiral 's men " supported by lord howe , the lord high admiral of england .
ryan caldwell ( born june 15 , 1981 in brandon , manitoba ) is a canadian ice hockey defenceman . he currently plays for the schwenninger wild wings of the deutsche eishockey liga ( del ) . he has also played for the new york islanders and phoenix coyotes of the national hockey league ( nhl ) , the deg metro stars , eisbären berlin , and thomas sabo ice tigers of the del , and ässät and lukko of the sm - liiga.as an amateur he was an all - american defenceman and captained the university of denver pioneers to the 2004 ncaa championship .
vulcanodon was a long - necked dinosaur that lived during the early jurassic period , about 208 to 201 million years ago . it was an early sauropod.a partial fossil has been found in mashonaland north , zimbabwe , africa . " vulcanodon " was about 20 feet ( 6.5 m ) long . it was a long - necked , long - tailed plant - eater with a small head , thick legs , and a bulky body . it had nail - like claws on its feet and an enlarged claw on each big toe . its front legs were relatively long .
ischigualasto provincial park is a protected area in san juan province , north - western argentina . the park is also called valle de la luna ( " valley of the moon " ) due to its otherworldly appearance.it contains the geological formation called the " ischigualasto formation " . the formation is also included in the talampaya national park in the la rioja province . the ischigualasto formation has fossils from the triassic period . these are some of the oldest known dinosaur remains.in 2000 unesco included ischigualasto in its world heritage sites .
tropical storm pabuk , also referred to as cyclonic storm pabuk , was a weak storm that hit the malay peninsula in january 2019 . it was also the earliest storm in both the western pacific and north indian ocean basins on record . forming on the last day of 2018 , pabuk went into 2019 and crossed into the north indian ocean basin several days later . the first storm of the 2019 pacific typhoon and north indian ocean cyclone seasons , pabuk first appeared as a tropical disturbance in the south china sea on december 28 , 2018 , which organized into a tropical depression on december 31 .
the international scout was an off - road vehicle which was made by international harvester from 1960 to 1980 . it was one of the earlier suvs . the scout was created as a competitor to the jeep . remarkably , the scout went from a basic idea to production in only two years . like the jeep it had square utilitarian styling but had cleaner lines . it initially featured a fold - down windshield . the scout and second generation scout ii were produced in fort wayne , indiana as two - door trucks . they had the options of a half cab pickup or removable hard or soft top .
carlo " don carlo " gambino , ( august 24,1902 - october 15,1976 ) was a mafioso who became boss of the gambino crime family , that is still takes the name today . no one expected gambino to seize control over the commission of la cosa nostra in the us , at 1957 apalachin convention . gambino was known for being low - key and secretive and unlike many modern mobsters , gambino served no time in prison , but lived to the age of 74 , when he died of a heart attack in bed .
vault 7 is a series of documents that wikileaks began to release on 7 march 2017 , that detail activities and capabilities of the united states central intelligence agency to perform electronic surveillance and cyber warfare . the files , dated from 2013 – 2016 , include details on the agency 's software capabilities , such as the ability to compromise smart tvs , web browsers ( including firefox , google chrome , and microsoft edge ) , and the operating systems of most smartphones ( including apple 's ios and google 's android ) , as well as other operating systems such as microsoft windows , macos , and linux .
the romanian language is a romance language , meaning it comes from latin like french , spanish and italian . it has 66 % latin - based words and 20 % slavic - based words . the rest are newer and come from dacian , turkish , greek , or english . there are about 28 million speakers : 24 million who speak it as their mother tongue and 4 million who have learned it as their second language.romanian is also the most spoken language in moldova , which is northeast of romania . the moldovan language is a kind of romanian with certain differences , such as the dialect and a moldavian accent .
francisco josé urrutia holguín ( 28 may 1910 – 19 october 1981 ) was a colombian - ecuadorian lawyer and diplomat . he served as 7th permanent representative of colombia to the united nations , 11th colombia ambassador to united states , as well as ambassador to venezuela and argentina.holguín was born on 28 may 1910 in quito , ecuador . he studied at national university of columbia . holguín was married genoveva montoya williamson on 18 july 1934 in bogotá . together had five children : francisco , maría lourdes , jorge , miguel , and jaime . holguín died on 19 october 1981 in bogotá , colombia , aged 71 .
pewter is an alloy made of tin mixed with antimony and copper . it is soft and flexible and it can be melted easily . it dissolves in hydrochloric acid to produce tin ( ii ) chloride , leaving the antimony and copper behind in the hydrochloric acid . a long time ago , it was used to make knives , forks , spoons and other pieces of cutlery because it did not take much effort to melt down many times . it used to contain poisonous lead , but it does not contain lead anymore as the lead would make people ill when making things with pewter .
the coracle is a small , lightweight boat . they were used in wales , parts of western and south west england , ireland , and scotland the word is also to describe similar boats from india , vietnam , iraq and tibet . the word " coracle " comes from the welsh word " cwrwgl . " this is related to the irish and scottish gaelic word " currach . " it is recorded in english as early as the 16th century . other old english spellings include " corougle " , " corracle " , " curricle " and " coricle " .
the royal academy of dramatic art ( rada ) is a drama school in london , england . it is one of the oldest drama schools in the united kingdom . it was founded in 1904 by herbert beerbohm tree . it is thought to be one of the best drama schools in the world . architect bryan avery designed the university.the president of rada is actor kenneth branagh since the death of richard attenborough in august 2014 . the vice-chairman is yet to be announced since the last one alan rickman died while in position in january 2016 . many famous actors have studied here .
the centre étienne desmarteau is situated on 3430 bellechasse street in montreal , canada . built in 1976 , the center includes two ice rinks , a room for the gymnastics and a gymnasium . it was the site of the basketball competitions during the olympics of montreal of 1976 . the center is named in honour of olympian étienne desmarteau , a canadian athlete during the 1904 summer olympics.the center is the official home of the montreal stars , a team of the canadian women 's hockey league and montreal mission a team of the national ringette league . furthermore , numerous amateur tournaments are held in it every year .
uhwudong ( , c. 1430 - october 18 1480 ) , also written as eoudong or eowudong , was a korean joseon dynasty gisaeng , writer , poet , and dancer . she lived during the reign of king yejong and king seongjong . she was also called eeulwudong.famous for divorced from royal family wife . she was said to be charming , witty , very beautiful , and very smart . her personal life has inspired movies , a tv series , operas , and many novels . she is one of koreas modern popular cultural icons .
the yorkshire terrier or yorkie is a small breed of terrier dog . it originated in the united kingdom in the town of yorkshire , from where it gets its name.they were first bred to catch mice and rats , so they are often fast and energetic . yorkies usually weigh about 7 pounds ( 3.18 kg ) and have a dark gray or black coat with a brown face . according to the american kennel club ( akc ) , yorkies are the second most popular dog breed in america , behind only the labrador retriever . they are really playful , they will always want to play .
the north island is one of the two main islands of new zealand . it is separated from the south island by cook strait . the island is in area , making it the world 's 14th - largest island . it has a population of 3,287,600 ( june 2009 ) . its māori name is " te ika a māui " . twelve cities are in the north island . the biggest is auckland , new zealand 's largest city . wellington , the capital , is at the southern end of the island . about 76 % of new zealand 's population live in the north island .
beaverton is a city in washington county , oregon , u.s.a . it is seven miles west of portland , oregon . the name of beaverton came from the native settlers , meaning " place of the beaver " . the beaverton population , according to the census of 2012 , was 92,680 people . beaverton is 19.73 sq . miles . beaverton is called a part of " silicon forest " , because many technology companies are located in beaverton . for example , linux technology , ibm , and tektronix . nike 's headquarters are located there .
eric holder ( born january 21 , 1951 ) is an american attorney . he served as the attorney general of the united states , under president barack obama from 2009 to 2015 . he is the first african - american to hold that post . before being named as attorney general , he was the u.s. attorney for the district of columbia under president clinton and help pick joe biden as obama 's running mate . holder was born in the bronx.on september 25 , 2014 , the justice department said holder would resign as soon as his successor is confirmed . he was succeeded by loretta lynch on april 27 , 2015 .
dynamic programming is a method of solving problems , which is used in computer science , mathematics and economics . using this method , a complex problem is split into simpler problems , which are then solved . at the end , the solutions of the simpler problems are used to find the solution of the original complex problem.dynamic programming can be used in cases where it is possible to split a problem into smaller problems , which are all quite similar.richard bellman , a us mathematician , first used the term in the 1940s when he wanted to solve problems in the field of control theory . he also stated what is now known as :
the royal medal is a silver - gilt medal , of which three are awarded each year by the royal society . it is also known as the king 's medal and the queen 's medal ( depending on the monarch at the time of the award ) , the awards are for work done within the commonwealth of nations . the award was created by george iv and awarded first in 1826 . at present , three medals are awarded each year . two are for fundamental research ( " the advancement of natural knowledge " ) in the physical and biological sciences ) . one is for applied research ( " distinguished contributions in the applied sciences " ) .
mehmet vi ( 14 january 1861 – 16 may 1926 ) was the 36th and last sultan of the ottoman empire . his reign lasted from 1918 to 1922 . he succeeded his brother , mehmed v , as the eldest male member of the house of osman after the 1916 suicide of the heir to the throne , yusuf izzettin efendi . he was presented with the sword of osman on 4 june 1918 in the traditional coronation ceremony . his father was sultan abdülmecid i and mother was gülüstü ( 1831 – may 1861 ) . mehmed was removed from the throne when the ottoman sultanate was abolished in 1922 .
william denby " bill " hanna ( july 14 , 1910 in mexico , new mexico – march 22 , 2001 in los angeles , california ) was an american animator , director , producer , cartoon artist , and co-founder with joseph barbera of hanna - barbera . the studio made well - known cartoons , such as " the huckleberry hound show " , " the flintstones " , " the jetsons " , and " scooby - doo " , as well as the musical movie , " charlotte 's web.he was a millionaire from making tom and jerry and almost made of 66 million dollars each episode [ [
leonard norman cohen ( september 21 , 1934 – november 7 , 2016 ) was a canadian singer , songwriter , musician , poet , novelist , and painter . his work was mostly about religion , politics , sexuality , and personal relationships most notably seen in his best known work " hallelujah " . cohen was added into both the canadian music hall of fame and the canadian songwriters hall of fame as well as the rock and roll hall of fame . he was a companion of the order of canada , the nation 's highest civilian honor . in 2011 , cohen received one of the prince of asturias awards for literature and the ninth glenn gould prize .
austin st. john ( born jason geiger ; september 17 , 1974 ) is a american emt and former actor and martial artist . he is best known for his role as jason lee scott , the original red ranger and first leader of the power rangers on the television series " mighty morphin power rangers " . st . john holds a second - degree black belt in taekwondo , a first - degree black belt in judo , and is also a practitioner of kenpo . st. john has also worked as an emergency medical technician and firefighter in washington , d.c. and on the east coast.he graduated from concordia university .
shadow of a doubt is a 1943 american movie directed by alfred hitchcock starring theresa wright and joseph cotton . it tells the story of a naïve young girl called charlie ( played by wright ) who lives in a sleepy town in california with her well - meaning parents , and how her life is put in danger when her sinister uncle ( played by cotton ) comes to stay with the family . over the course of the movie , charlie discovers that her uncle is a wanted serial killer who has murdered a lot of rich widows for their money . when her uncle finds out that charlie has discovered his secret he sets out to murder her before she exposes him .
ssx ( short for snowboard supercross ) is a snowboarding video game published by electronic arts victor in japan , ea sports big in north america and electronic arts in europe . the game was developed by ea canada . it is the first game in the " ssx series " . it was released on october 26 , 2000 in japan , on october 30 , 2000 in north america , and on november 24 , 2000 in europe . steve rechtschaffner , the executive producer and creative leader of the game was the inventor of the olympic snowboard event called boardercross , which helped serve as an inspiration for the game .
george pal ( györgy pál marczincsak , february 1 , 1908 – may 2 , 1980 ) was a hungarian - american animator , movie director and producer who has helped the movie industry grow during the 50s and 60s . an award is named after him.pal was born in cegléd , kingdom of hungary , austro - hungarian empire , ( now hungary ) . he was educated at the budapest academy of arts . he was married to elizabeth zsoka from 1930 until his death in 1980 , they had two children . pal died on may 2 , 1980 in los angeles , california from a heart attack . he was 72 years old .
the shiba inu is a breed of dog from japan . it looks like a smaller version of the akita inu , and was first bred for hunting . shiba inu is one of seven japanese dog species recognised as natural symbols of the country.there are two types of shiba . aka - shiba has red hair , and kuro - shiba has black hair . shiba is a popular among breeders in japan.shiba inu are faithful to their owners and are wary of strangers . they are popular as guard dogs . they are also the subject of an internet meme called doge .
alexandra anna daddario ( born 16 march 1986 ) is a american actress and occasional model.she was born in new york city . she was raised on the upper east side of manhattan . her brother is actor matthew daddario . her paternal grandfather was politician emilio q. daddario . she lives in los angeles.daddario is perhaps known best for playing the character annabeth chase in " percy jackson & the olympians " and blake in the movie " san andreas " . she has also played " summer quinn " in bay watch ( 2017 ) and heather miller in the 2013 film texas chain saw 3d .
lexington is the second largest city in kentucky . in 2010 , 295,803 people live there . it is called " the horse capital of the world " . lexington was first named by a party of virginians who camped here in june , 1775 , after they heard the news about the battle of lexington , massachusetts in april of that year starting the american revolution against the british government . a fort was begun at the same spot in 1779 , and by 1782 there was a town here known as " lexington , virginia " . this is because kentucky was still part of virginia then , and was not made into a state of its own until 1792 .
topoisomerase is an enzyme that unwinds and winds dna in order to help the creation of dna structures.dna is in a helix / spiral which helps make the structure of dna strong and stable . however , when undergoing dna replication , the spiral needs to be untwisted , and when spirals are being untwisted knots , and breaks can happen . when studying the structure of dna , james d. watson and francis crick knew that there was need for an enzyme to overcome this problem.topoisomerase binds to either side of the dna strands and allows the dna to be untangled or unwound .
richard " rich " piana ( september 26 , 1971 – august 25 , 2017 ) was an american bodybuilder . he was born in los angeles , california.piana won the mr. california title along with competitions in los angeles in 2003 and sacramento in 2009 . his admission in 2016 that he used anabolic steroids as part of his regimen was controversial . piana often appeared in commercials and television series such as " scrubs " and " ripley 's believe it or not " . piana died at age 45 on august 25 , 2017 in florida , after spending two weeks in an induced coma following a possible overdose .
the republic of serbia ( serbian : " република србија " / republika srbija ) , or usually just serbia ( serbian : " србија " / srbija ) , is a country in central europe . the capital city is belgrade . to the north of serbia is the country hungary . to the east of serbia are the countries bulgaria and romania . to the south of serbia are countries north macedonia and albania . to the west of serbia are the countries montenegro ( the country that was once united with serbia ) , bosnia and herzegovina and croatia .
cory gardner ( born august 22 , 1974 ) is the junior united states senator from colorado . he is a member of the u.s. republican party . gardner has been in senate since january 3 , 2015 . he was in the united states house of representatives from 2011 to 2015 . from 2002 to 2005 he was a member of the staff of u.s . senator wayne allard.gardner was born on august 22 , 1974 in yuma , colorado . he studied at colorado state university . he graduated from the university of colorado law school in 2001 . he is married to jaime gardner . they have three children .
camila is the debut solo album by cuban american singer camila cabello . she was previously a member of the girl group fifth harmony . the album was released on january 12 , 2018 . " camila " entered the us " billboard " 200 album chart at number one , with 119,000 copies and streaming units sold in its first week . it reached number one in the same week as the single " havana " . as a result , she became only the third artist in history to have their first album and one of its singles both reach number one in the same week . only beyoncé and britney spears have done this before .
the dead sea is a lake between the west bank and jordan . it is below sea level . it is the lowest point on the surface of the earth.the dead sea is almost nine times as salty as the ocean . that makes it impossible for most life to exist in it . this is the reason for its name . however , it is not completely dead , because some types of bacteria are able to live in the water.because the water is so salty , it weighs more than fresh water . that lets people float in the dead sea without any effort . tourists come from around the world to float in the water .
everland is a theme park in yongin , south korea . it is about one hour 's drive away from seoul.everland is the largest theme park in south korea . in 2012 , it ranked 12th in the world by number of visitors . it had 6.6 million visitors according to " travel + leisure " magazine.the park is 36 years old . it has many kinds of attractions , as well as a zoo called safari world , and a water park named caribbean bay . everland also has seasonal festivals throughout the year . samsung everland , a part of company of samsung operates and manages the park and the surrounding area .
teodor viorel meleșcanu ( ; born 10 march 1941 ) is a romanian politician , diplomat and jurist . he was director of the foreign intelligence service of romania ( sie ) between 2012 and 2014 . he was a three times senator for the national liberal party ( pnl ) , minister of defense between 2007 and 2008 , and minister of foreign affairs between 1992 and 1996 , in november 2014 and since january 2017 to july 2019 . in september 2019 , he was elected president of the senate of romania , but on 22 january 2020 , the constitutional court of romania found that the election was unconstitutional , and he resigned as president of the senate on 3 february 2020 .
homa rousta ( ; 26 september 1946 – 26 september 2015 ) is an iranian actress . she was best known for her roles in the movies " report on a murder " ( 1986 ) , " the little bird of happiness " ( 1987 ) , " travellers " ( 1991 ) and " from karkheh to rhine " ( 1992 ) . rousta was born in tehran . she graduated in theatre from the school of dramatic arts in bucharest , hungary . she was the widow of stage director hamid samandarian.rousta died from cancer on her 69th birthday ( 26 september 2015 ) in los angeles , california , united states .
hans asperger ( february 18 , 1906 – october 21 , 1980 ) was an austrian doctor of children . asperger syndrome ( as ) was named after him . today , asperger syndrome is seen as a form of autism . asperger was born in vienna and died there . asperger studied medicine at the university of vienna under franz hamburger . he married in 1935 and had five children.because he wrote in german , his work was not widely known . it was only in the 1980s that it was translated . one of his students translated it , continued it unnamed it in honor of asperger .
john simmons barth ( ; born may 27 , 1930 ) is an american writer . he is best known for his postmodernist and metafictional fiction . he won the national book award in 1973 . barth was born in cambridge , maryland . in 1974 , he was elected to the american academy of arts and letters.his first two books were " the floating opera " and " the end of the road " . his best known works include : " the sot - weed factor " , " giles goat - boy " , " lost in the funhouse " , " chimera " , " letters " and " " .
a playback singer is a singer whose singing is pre-recorded for use in movies . playback singers record songs for soundtracks . the actors or actresses lip - sync the songs for cameras . the actual singer does not appear on screen.south asian movies produced in the indian subcontinent are particularly known for using this technique . a majority of indian movies as well as pakistani movies typically include six or seven songs . popular playback singers in india enjoy the same status as popular actors . most of the playback singers are initially trained in classical music . mohammed rafi and ahmed rushdi are regarded as two of the most influential playback singers in south asia .
summerland is a town in the canadian province of british columbia . it is in the interior of british columbia , on the west side of okanagan lake . the population of summerland was 10,828 in 2006 . the mayor of summerland is janice perrino . it is known for its world renowned wineries . it is also home to the historic kettle valley steam railway . the town was originally known as trout creek and was renamed summerland in 1902 when sir thomas shaughnessy bought the barclay ranch . the nickname for summerland is town of festivals . the sister city of summerland is toyokoro , japan .
cosmology is the branch of astronomy that deals with the origin , structure , evolution and space - time relationships of the universe . nasa defines cosmology as " the study of the structure and changes in the present universe " . another definition of cosmology is " the study of the universe , and humanity 's place in it " . modern cosmology is dominated by the big bang theory , which brings together observational astronomy and particle physics.though the word " cosmology " is recent ( first used in 1730 in christian wolff 's " cosmologia generalis " ) , the study of the universe has a long history .
reading rainbow is an american children 's television series . it aired on pbs kids from june 6 , 1983 until november 10 , 2006 . it encouraged children to read . in 2012 , an ipad and kindle fire educational interactive book was launched with the " reading rainbow " name.the public television series won over 200 broadcast awards , including a peabody award and 26 emmy awards . eleven of those awards were in the " outstanding children 's series " category.when the show was canceled in 2006 , reruns ran until august 28 , 2009 . the original team included lynne brenner ganek , ellen schecter , and levar burton .
robert edward lee ( january 19 , 1807 – october 12 , 1870 ) was a colonel in the united states army . he became the general - in - chief of the confederate states army during the american civil war . he led the army of northern virginia in the eastern theater of the american civil war . he started out as an engineer but then moved up the ranks . before the civil war , lee was an officer in the mexican - american war . he was also head of west point . as a colonel in the united states army he led a battalion of marines to put down the rebellion at harpers ferry armory and captured their leader , john brown .
a javelin is a light spear designed to be thrown . historically it was a weapon , but from the ancient greeks to today it was used for sport . the javelin is almost always thrown by hand.the javelin throw is a sports event , one of the field events which survive from the original olympic games . the athlete holds the javelin in one arm and , while running , throws it as far as possible . it is an official olympic sport.unlike other throwing events , javelin allows the competitor to build speed over a considerable distance . as a result , a javelin can reach speeds approaching 113 km / h and to cover the distance of 104.80 m .
h.o.t . is a south korean boy band that formed in 1996 . they are thought of as the first k - pop " idol group " . their formula became the model for many k - pop groups that have followed since . the members are : moon hee - joon , jang woo - hyuk , tony an , kangta , and lee jae-won.h.o . t . was successful in south korea , china , and japan . they were among the first stars of the korean wave in asia.the group broke up in 2001 after a disagreement with sm entertainment . however , they later reunited in 2018 .
andrew michael bogut ( born 28 november 1984 ) is an australian professional basketball player . he plays for the golden state warriors of the national basketball association ( nba ) . he is 7 feet tall . he went to the university of utah for college . bogut was selected first overall by the milwaukee bucks in the 2005 nba draft . bogut is the first australian player to be drafted number one overall . he was also the second utah player to be drafted number one overall.on march 13 , 2012 , bogut , along with stephen jackson , was traded to the golden state warriors in exchange for monta ellis , ekpe udoh and kwame brown .
the pittsburgh steelers are an american football team in pittsburgh , pennsylvania , u.s. . they have won six super bowls in eight appearances . that is most that any team has won , tied with the new england patriots . they have a rivalry with the baltimore ravens . pittsburgh plays in the afc north with baltimore , the cincinnati bengals , and the cleveland browns.the steelers are most famous for their defense . in the 1970s , their defense was nicknamed the " steel curtain " . it helped the steelers to four super bowl wins . other well - known steelers defenses include the 1990s " blitzburgh " defense and the 2000s defense ( which was not nicknamed ) .
rodolfo vera quizon , sr. ( july 25 , 1928 – july 10 , 2012 ) was a filipino , director , comedian , movie , television , stage , and radio actor . he is also known for his comedy works earning him the nickname as " the king of comedy " . dolphy was born on july 25 , 1928 in tondo , manila , philippines on july 25 , 1928 . he has 17 children and one adopted child by his partner zsa zsa padilla . dolphy died on july 10 , 2012 , aged 83 , in makati city , metro manila , philippines from multiple organ failure after suffering pneumonia and renal failure .
christopher andrew tsangarides ( 17 august 1956 – 6 january 2018 ) was a british grammy - nominated record producer , sound engineer , and mixer.tsangarides was best known for his work with many heavy metal bands , including judas priest , anvil , gary moore , thin lizzy , helloween , angra , anthem , yngwie malmsteen and tygers of pan tang . tsangarides worked with many pop and alternative artists as well , including depeche mode , tom jones , concrete blonde , and the tragically hip.tsangarides died of heart failure complicated from pneumonia on 6 january 2018 , aged 61 .
in thermodynamics , a thermodynamic system , originally called a " working substance " , is defined as that part of the universe that is under consideration . a real or imaginary boundary separates the system from the rest of the universe , which is referred to as the environment or surroundings ( sometimes called a reservoir . ) a useful classification of thermodynamic systems is based on the nature of the boundary and the quantities flowing through it , such as matter , energy , work , heat , and entropy . a system can be anything , for example a cylinder , a solution in a test tube , a living organism , or a planet , etc .
ellen tyne daly ( born february 21 , 1946 ) is an american movie , television , stage , and voice actress who is known for her roles as detective mary beth lacey in " cagney & lacey " and as maxine gray in " judging amy " . she has won six emmy awards , an tony award , and an drama desk award.daly was born on february 21 , 1946 in madison , wisconsin . she studied at brandeis university and at the american musical and dramatic academy . she was married to georg stanford brown from 1966 until they divorced in 1990 . they had three children . her brother is actor tim daly ; her father was actor james daly .
the petermann ranges is a mountain range in central australia . it spreads about across the border between western australia and the southwest corner of the northern territory . the highest point is above sea level . the ranges were formed about 550 million years ago , in an event called the petermann orogeny . they are made mostly of granite , sandstone and quartzite . the greater petermann ranges consist of several sections of ridges and hills . in the northern territory , these sections include the dean , mannanana , ilyaralona , curdie and piultarana ranges , the pottoyu hills , and several isolated mountains . in western australia , it includes the hope and dean ranges.the petermann ranges were given their name by the explorer ernest giles , who travelled through the area during march 1874 . the area is considered biologically important for australia . an indigenous protected area , the katiti - petermann indigenous protected area , has been proposed to conserve the ranges ' ecosystem .
victoria park is a football stadium in the town of dingwall , ross - shire , scotland . it is the home stadium of ross county f.c . who play in the scottish first division.there are two stands , the west and east stands , which have covered seats and two standing - only terraces known as the academy end and jailend . it has a total capacity of 5800 ( 2590 seated ) , so does not meet scottish premier league standards.the highland football academy is behind the academy end and an " astroturf " ( fake grass ) pitch is next to the east stand . to date , the board have spent more than £ 3.5 million on renovating the stadium and plans are being made to create a modern all - seater stadium suitable for the premier league.the stadium holds more people than the town of dingwall , which had a population of 5,026 at the last census .
nuclear energy is the energy that holds together the nucleus of atoms . atoms are the most simple blocks that make up matter . every atom has in its center a very small nucleus . normally , nuclear energy is hidden inside the atoms . however , some atoms are radioactive and send off part of their nuclear energy as radiation . radiation is given off from the nucleus of unstable isotopes of radioactive substances.nuclear energy can also be freed in two other ways : nuclear fusion and nuclear fission . nuclear fusion is the combining of two light atoms into a heavier one and nuclear fission is the splitting of a heavy atom . both ways make big amounts of energy . they sometimes take place in nature . fusion is the source of heat in the sun . fission is also used in nuclear power plants to make electricity . both fusion and fission can be used in nuclear weapons.nuclear energy production and use has been a controversial topic over the years . this has always been dictated by the history of the nuclear energy and also on the current energy demands as well as environmental conservation demands . countries should venture into nuclear energy production to help meet the rising energy demand , to help conserve the environment by avoiding pollution , and also as a long lasting replacement for the depleting fossil fuels sources of energy . there have been mitigation measures put in place to ensure that nuclear energy accidents like those of chernobyl and fukushima do not have a repeat . countries should also cease from using the nuclear energy to make dangerous weapons of mass destruction .
james charles taylor ( september 20 , 1935 – october 13 , 2018 ) was an american football fullback and businessman . he was born in baton rouge , louisiana . he played professionally in the national football league ( nfl ) for ten seasons , with the green bay packers from 1958 to 1966 and with the expansion new orleans saints in 1967 . he was commissioner of the united states rugby league in 1978 and attempted to start a 12 - team competition.the pro football hall of fame selection committee named taylor to its nfl 1960s all - decade team , which comprised the best players of the 1960s at each position.taylor was diagnosed with hepatitis c in 1989 , but it was found to be dormant by 2000 . taylor died in baton rogue on october 13 , 2018 at the age of 83 .
a talent ( or " gift " , or " aptitude " ) is the skill that someone has to do something very well that people usually like and that is difficult . talent is created , not born . someone who has talent is called " talented " . talented people may have more than one talent . skills people commonly value as talents are entertaining , beautiful , or impressive for a different reason like music , dancing , acting or sports.even if someone has talent they may still have to work very hard if they want to perform well . some people become quite good at something even if they do not have much talent , but if they are willing to work very hard at the skill for a period of time.the word " talent " used to mean a weight and a piece of money in assyria , greece and rome . this is the sense in which it is used in the bible in the parable of the five talents ( matthew , xxv , 14 - 30 ) .
no fun at all is a swedish punk rock band . the band started in summer 1991 in skinnskatteberg . the original members were : mikael danielsson ( guitar ) , jimmie olsson ( vocals , drums ) and henrik sunvisson ( bass guitar ) . the name came from the sex pistols ' version of the stooges ' song " no fun " and the name of the band sick of it all . the group released their albums on the swedish label burning heart records outside the united states . in the u.s. , no fun at all 's albums were released by theologian records and later by epitaph records.in 1993 , jimmie olsson left the band to work on his other band sober . no fun at all then added three new members : ingemar jansson ( vocals ) , krister johansson ( guitar ) and kjell ramstedt ( drums ) . in 1999 , sunvisson left no fun at all . danielsson switched from guitar to bass guitar and stefan neuman , from tribulation , joined to play guitar . on november 11 , 2001 , after ten years together , the band quit . but , since 2004 , no fun at all has play some reunion concerts .
camagüey is the largest of the provinces of cuba . its capital is camagüey . other towns include florida and nuevitas.camagüey is mostly low lying , with no major hills or mountain ranges passing through the province . numerous large cays ( including what used to be one of fidel castro 's favourite fishing spots ; the archipiélago jardines de la reina ) characterise both the northern and southern coasts.sandy beaches are found on both coasts also , and despite a large potential for tourism , the province has seen little development in that area . exception being santa lucía beach , on the north coast.the economy of the camagüey province is primarily cattle and sugar ( in the north and south ) farming , and the province is known for its cowboy culture , with rodeos frequently held . chickens and rice are also farmed , and a small citrus fruit industry exists . the capital city also has one of the few breweries on the island .
michael kitso dingake ( born 11 february 1928 , bobonong ) is a botswana political activist and writer . in 1966 he was sentenced to 15 years on robben island . he was released in 1981 . he worked at the university of botswana.in 1992 he entered national politics , becoming vice-president of the botswana national front in 1993 and entering the national assembly as mp for gaborone central in 1994 . in 1998 he led the breakaway botswana congress party , but lost his seat to margaret nasha of the botswana democratic party in 1999 . he retired from politics in 2004 . since then , he became a weekly columnist for the newspaper " mmegi " .
marie dubois ( claudine lucie pauline huzé ; january 12 , 1937 - october 15 , 2014 ) was a french actress . dubois was born in paris , france . she studied at l'école de la rue blanche ( ensatt ) . she made her movie debut in 1959 . she was first gaining notice as léna in " shoot the piano player " . she was known for her roles in " jules and jim " , " the thief of paris " , " hot line " , " la ronde " , " la grande vadrouille " , and " monte carlo or bust " . in 1978 she won the césar award for best supporting actress for her role as dominique montlaur in " la menace " . dubois married french actor serge rousseau in 1961 . they remained together until his death in 2007 . dubois died in paris , france from multiple sclerosis , aged 77 .
michael robert winner ( 30 october 1935 – 21 january 2013 ) was an english movie director , producer , writer , editor , actor and restaurant critic . he was known for his work on the " death wish movie series " . winner was born on 30 october 1935 in hampstead , london , england . his parents were jewish immigrants : his mother was polish and his father was of russian descent . he studied at st christopher school , letchworth , and downing college , cambridge . he was married to geraldine lynton - edwards from 2011 until his death in 2013 . winner retired in december 2012 and died on 21 january 2013 in kensington , london , england from an liver illness , aged 77 .
ahmed ben bella ( 25 december 1918 – 11 april 2012 ) was an algerian soldier . he was the first president of algeria from 1963 to 1965 . he was born in maghnia , algeria . he was a sunni islam . ben bella joined the french army in 1936 . he went to prison for forming a group to fight french rule . he escaped and went to tunisia . he was arrested again in 1956 and got out of prison in 1962 . he became president in 1963 . in 1965 , houari boumédiènne made him stop being presindent . he was under house arrest until 1980 . he was allowed to live in switzerland . he lived for 10 years in lausanne . in 1990 he was able to return to algeria .
jeffrey harold brotman ( september 27 , 1942 – august 1 , 2017 ) was an american attorney and businessman . he was the co-founder and chairman of costco wholesale corporation.brotman served on the boards of several public companies and according to businessweek magazine is " connected to 13 board members " and sat on the board of directors of the million - dollar roundtable at the united way of king county.brotman was born in tacoma , washington . he was raised with a jewish family . brotman studied at the university of washington . in 1976 , he married susan thrailkill . they had two children.brotman died on august 1 , 2017 in medina , washington at the age of 74 .
the following is a list of deaths that should be noted in january 2020 . for deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in , please see " months " . names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym . deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.each listing of a death must have a source . if no reference is included , the death notice will be removed . the following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order : name , age , where they came from , what the person is known for , cause of death ( if known ) and a source .
the hazel dormouse or common dormouse is " muscardinus avellanarius " . this small rodent is the only living species in its genus.it is long with a tail of . it weighs , increasing to just before hibernation . the hazel dormouse hibernates from october to april / may . in british sources , it is normally called the dormouse rather than the hazel or common dormouse.the hazel dormouse is native to northern europe and asia minor . it is the only dormouse native to the british isles , although the edible dormouse ( " glis glis " ) was accidentally introduced to the british isles and now has an established population ) . the locations in the uk where the hazel dormouse can be found is shown on the national biodivestity network website .
wali - ullah abul - mansur khan better known as ablai khan ( 1711 – 1781 ) was a ruler of the kazakh khanate , which is now in kazakhstan . he became khan ( king ) in 1736 . ablai became an orphan when he was a child . he was already famous as a warrior when he was 20 after he killed a great dgungarian knight.during abilay khan 's rule , the kazakh khanate protected their eastern borders from dgungarian invasion . they also had to protect their northern borders from tatarian and bashkirian tribes . when the dgungarian khanate was defeated by china , abilay khan defended the country from a chinese invasion.ablai khan was a diplomat and a fearless military leader . he united all kazakh tribes into a strong country . today , the people of kazakhstan see him as the father of united kazakhstan .
roxcy o'neal bolton ( june 3 , 1926 – may 17 , 2017 ) was an american feminist and civil and women 's rights activist . she was born in duck hill , mississippi . in 1966 , bolton helped form florida 's national organization for women , serving as charter president of the miami chapter and national vice president in 1969 . in 1969 , she successfully challenged the practice that many store restaurants had of keeping a separate " men only " section . she founded women in distress , a shelter for homeless women.in 1972 , she encouraged president richard nixon to issue a proclamation honoring women 's equality day , which he did . in 1974 , she founded the nation 's first rape treatment center in miami , later renamed the roxcy bolton rape treatment center in 1993 . bolton died on the morning of may 17 , 2017 at her coral gables , florida home from cardiac arrest at the age of 90 .
a journalist is a person who works in journalism to report the news . they may work on their own ( " freelance " ) or for a newspaper , a radio or television programme . there are different kinds of journalists.a reporter is a type of journalist who researches , writes , and reports information . newspaper reporters write news articles and stories for newspapers . they write these articles and stories by interviewing people , asking questions , and doing research.reporters must tell the truth in their reports . telling the truth is a very important part of all journalism jobs . those who do not tell the truth may be punished like other workers who do not do their work . they can be suspended ( do not work for a short time ) or fired ( losing their jobs ) . however , frequently news reporting does show bias instead of objectivity .
aracely arámbula jaques ( born 6 march 1975 ) is a mexican television actress and singer . she was born in chihuahua , mexico . arámbula took acting classes at the televisa art education center and in her third year of studies she had the opportunity to appear in 1996 already with a recurring character on television in the mexican telenovela " cañaveral de pasiones " , in that same year she was chosen as rostro del heraldo de mexico.some of his most notable performances on television have been in the televisa 's telenovelas , such as " abrázame muy fuerte " ( 2000 ) , " las vías del amor " ( 2002 ) , and " corazón salvaje " ( 2009 ) . in the united states , she was recognize by telemundo telenovelas , such as " la patrona " ( 2013 ) , " los miserables " ( 2014 ) , and her most recent work as altagracia sandoval in the telenovela " la doña " , adapted from the novel " doña bárbara " .
lynn shelton ( august 27 , 1965 – may 16 , 2020 ) was an american movie and television director , screenwriter , editor , producer and actress . her best known movies were " humpday " and " your sister 's sister " . she also directed some episodes of " glow " , " mad men " , " the mindy project " and " shameless " . shelton was born in oberlin , ohio . she was raised in seattle , washington . shelton came out as bisexual in 2012 . shelton died of a blood disease in los angeles on may 16 , 2020 , aged 54 . she was in a relationship with comedian marc maron at the time of her death .
alfredo bongusto ( 6 april 1935 – 8 november 2019 ) , known by his stage name fred bongusto , was an italian light music singer - songwriter and composer . he was very popular in the 1960s and 1970s . he composed the soundtracks of more than 30 movies , such as " day after tomorrow " ( 1968 ) , " un detective " ( 1969 ) , " the divorce " ( 1970 ) , " come have coffee with us " ( 1970 ) , " the eroticist " ( 1972 ) , " gli ordini sono ordini " ( 1972 ) , " malizia " ( 1973 ) , " lovers and other relatives " ( 1974 ) , " le farò da padre " ( 1974 ) , " conviene far bene l'amore " ( 1975 ) , " al piacere di rivederla " ( 1976 ) , " oh , serafina ! " ( 1976 ) , " fantozzi contro tutti " ( 1980 ) , " fracchia la belva umana " ( 1981 ) and " superfantozzi " ( 1986 ) . bongusto died in rome on 8 november , 2019 . he was 84 .
john dangar dixon ( 20 february 1929 – 7 may 2015 ) was an australian comic book artist and writer . he was best known for his comic strip creation , " air hawk and the flying doctors " , which ran from 1959 until 1986 . dixon was born in newcastle , new south wales . he moved to the united states in the 1980s . in 2012 , he was diagnosed with lewy body dementia ( lbd ) , a type of dementia related to parkinson 's disease . he was married to sue and had two children.dixon had a stroke on 18 april 2015 at his home in the u.s. state of california . he died on 7 may , aged 86 .
an endoskeleton is a structure that holds an animal from inside.one can find endoskeletons in three phyla and one subclass of animals : in chordata , echinodermata , porifera and coleoidea . an endoskeleton allows the body to move and gives the body structure and shape.a true endoskeleton develops from mesodermal tissue . such a skeleton is present in echinoderms and chordates . the coleoidae do not have a true endoskeleton in the evolutionary sense ; here , a mollusc exoskeleton developed into several sorts of internal structure , the " cuttlebone " of cuttlefish being the best - known version . an important advantage of an endoskeleton over an exoskeleton is that the endoskeleton provides more structural support.endoskeletons hold inner organs , tissues , and systems together easily .
patrick dennistoun mcgorry ( born 10 september 1952 ) is an irish - born australian psychiatrist . he is best known for his research and advocacy in mental health in young people . he is professor of youth mental health at the university of melbourne . he is also a founding board member of headspace or the the national youth mental health foundation . in 2010 , he was named australian of the year.mcgorry was born in dublin . in 1955 , his family moved from the suburb of finglas , north dublin to wales . they later moved to australia in 1968 . he is married to merilyn hawke . the couple have three children . he lives in essendon , victoria .
windows neptune is a version of microsoft windows that was being made during 1999 and january 2000 . windows 2000 was released as an operating system for businesses and people that know how to use computers well . windows neptune was going to be a version of windows 2000 that was easier for home users to use . nobody knows if microsoft was ever going to release windows neptune . after microsoft stopped developing it , some of its features were merged with windows 2000 's and a new project , " whistler " , was formed . " whistler " was later released as windows xp.only one known confirmed version of windows neptune exists . which is windows neptune build 5111 . windows neptune build 5111 exists on the internet , and is a confirmed built . it used to be hard to find , but now it can easily be found .
a fork bomb is a way of stopping a computer from running by making many copies of a program . a fork bomb copies itself into more than two copies , which then copy themselves into four copies . then both the original and the copy will keep making copies until the computer can no longer handle it and crash.for example , a simple fork bomb using the bash shell script is : here , a function is defined by the name " : " . inside the curly braces , this function is called and its output is given again to the same function . the " & " is used to run the process in background . the semicolon ( " ; " ) marks end of the function . the last colon ( " : " ) calls the function for first time . after that the function keeps on calling itself until computer runs out of memory .
the protea ( giant protea known as protea cynaroides ) is part of an ancient plant family , the proteaceae , which had already divided into two subfamilies before the break - up of the gondwanaland continent about 140 million years ago . both subfamilies , the proteoideae and the grevilleoideae , occur mainly in the southern hemisphere . in southern africa there are about 360 species , mainly from the subfamily proteoideae , of which more than 330 species are confined to the cape foral kingdom , between nieuwoudtville in the northwest and grahamstown in the east . protea cynaroides belongs to the genus protea , which has more than 92 species , subspecies and varieties . other well - known genera of the proteaceae are the leucospermum with the brightly coloured " pincushion " flowers , leucadendron with yellow or red - brown foliage and serruria , of which the serruria florida or " blushing bride " with its pale pink flowers is widely used in bridal bouquets . plants in the subfamily grevilleoideae occur mainly in australia . the protea ( protea cynaroides ) is the national flower of south africa.the variety in plant size , habit , flower size and colour of the genus protea was the reason it was named after the greek god proteus , who could change his shape at will . the flower bud of protea cynaroides looks remarkably like the globe artichoke vegetable with the latin name of cynara scolymus and this led the botanist linnaeus to give it the species name cynaroides .
chevrolet trax is a subcompact cuv / mini suv ( europe ) sold by the chevrolet division by general motors . it was introduced in 2013 . it replaced both the chevrolet hhr station wagon and the suzuki based tracker subcompact suv . it is a mere rebadged version of opel mokka , which is also offered in the u.s. as buick encore . it is built on gm 's gamma platform . the gamma platform is also used to built the sonic and the spark . in 2014 it replaced the chevrolet captiva sport as gm 's fleet car . the car is sold under the name tracker in russia due to the word trax loosely . translating to a sexual connotation . gm has thought of selling a gmc version of this vehicle due to sales success in the u.s .
innocence is the opposite of guilt.the adjective is innocent ( the opposite of ' guilty ' ) . if someone is innocent of a crime it means that they did not do it.if someone is accused of a crime , they have to go to court . the court will decide whether they are guilty or not guilty ( innocent ) . people must be treated as innocent unless ( or until ) they are found guilty . ' innocence ' and ' innocent ' can also be used in a slightly different way . children are often described as ' innocent ' meaning that they think the world is all good and do not yet know about the bad things in life . people talk about living in a ' state of innocence ' i.e . children or people with simple minds who have not yet learned that some people are evil . in christian cultures this sometimes meant that children did not know about sex .
happy valley shanghai ( ) is an amusement park in songjiang , shanghai , people 's republic of china . the park is about 40 kilometers ( 25 miles ) from downtown shanghai . it covers an area of 863,500 square meters ( 213 acres ) . happy valley contains seven big areas , each with different themed zones , including sunshine beach , happy times , typhoon bay , gold mine town , ant kingdom , shanghai beach and shangri - la woods . there are more than 100 rides in the park.the park was opened on august 16 , 2009 . in the beginning of the park 's operation , many people did n't like it because of long waiting times and being dangerous . most of the rides were broken , the lines were too long , and many people were hurt not only from riding the rides , but from walking around the park . three people were hurt when a big sign board fell on top of them.the park currently has six roller coasters . five of them were opened when the park began its operation while the mine train coaster opened in october 2009 .
diego velázquez de cuéllar ( 1465 - 1524 ) was a spanish soldier and colonial administrator ( a " conquistador " ) . he conquered and governed cuba for spain . he is often called " diego de velázquez " by dominican historians ( that is the name used in the appleton 's cyclopedia ) . he was born in cuéllar , near segovia , spain . he came to america in the second voyage of christopher columbus in 1493 . he spent 17 years in the hispaniola , living most of the time in the southwestern region of the island.he worked together with the spanish governor nicolás de ovando in the fight against the taíno indians of the region . he founded and governed several towns : azua de compostela ( 1504 ) , san juan de la maguana ( 1503 ) , bánica ( 1504 ) , salvatierra de la sabana ( 1504 , now les cayes , haiti ) , santa maría de la verapaz ( near the present port - au - prince , haiti ) , villanueva de yáquimo ( now jacmel , haiti ) . in 1511 , he left from salvatierra de la sabana with 300 men and three or four ships to the island of cuba to conquer that island . he was the first governor of the island and he founded several cities , nuestra señora de la asunción de baracoa ( the first european city in cuba and its first capital ) in 1511 , san salvador del bayamo ( 1513 ) , santiago de cuba in 1514 and havana in 1515 . in 1517 he sent juan de grijalva to explore the coast of mexico and in 1518 he sent francisco hernández de córdoba to explore the coast of yucatán . then in 1519 he sent his secretary , hernán cortés , to conquer mexico with about 450 soldiers but when cortés got to méxico ( in veracruz ) , he broke all relations with velázquez.diego velázquez de cuéllar died in santiago de cuba in 1524 .
sidney altman ( born may 7 , 1939 ) is a canadian - american molecular biologist . he is currently professor of molecular , cellular , and developmental biology and chemistry at yale university . in 1989 he shared the nobel prize in chemistry with thomas cech for their work on the catalytic properties of rna . altman is of jewish descent.altman 's nobel prize work came with the analysis of the catalytic properties of the ribozyme rnase p. rnase p is a ribonucleoprotein particle , part rna and part protein . originally it was thought that , in the bacterial rnase p complex , the protein subunit was responsible for the catalytic activity of the complex.during experiments in which the complex was taken apart and put together in test tubes , altman and his group discovered a remarkable thing . the rna component , in isolation , was enough for the observed catalytic activity of the enzyme . this was remarkable because , previously , it was thought that only enzymes could catalyse reactions in living cells . altman 's research showed that rna itself had catalytic properties . this was the discovery that earned him the nobel prize.although the rnase p complex also exists in eukaryotic organisms , altman 's later work showed that in eukaryotes the protein subunits are essential to the catalytic activity , in contrast to the bacterial rnase p .
emitt lynn rhodes ( february 25 , 1950 – july 19 , 2020 ) was an american singer - songwriter , musician and recording engineer . rhodes began his career in musical ensembles the palace guard as the group 's drummer before joining the merry - go - round as a multi-instrumentalist . he was known for writing the 1967 single " live " with the merry - go - round . he also performed with the palace guard.rhodes was born in decatur , illinois . he was raised in hawthorne , california.on june 25 , 2019 , " the new york times " listed emitt rhodes as one of the hundreds of artists whose material was destroyed in the 2008 universal fire.rhodes died on july 19 , 2020 in hawthorne at the age of 70 .
les mcdonald , cm ( 30 april 1933 – 4 september 2017 ) was a canadian athlete and administrator . he was the founding president of the international triathlon union ( itu ) from 1989 - 2008 , and was made an honorary president for the organization until his death in 2017 . mcdonald is largely credited with getting the sport of triathlon into the olympic games , with the inaugural race taking place at the games of the xxvii olympiad in sydney , australia , in 2000 . he is a member of the canadian olympic hall of fame ( 2007 ) , the bc sports hall of fame ( 2009 ) , and the itu hall of fame ( 2014 ) . he was awarded the olympic order in 2010 , in vancouver , by the international olympic committee.mcdonald was inducted as a member of the order of canada in 2013 by his excellency the right honourable david johnston , the governor general of canada .
axe ( known as lynx in united kingdom , the republic of ireland , australia and new zealand ) are a brand of grooming products . they are marketed more towards younger men.it was inspired by unilever 's other brand impulse and was first launched in 1983 . unilever attempted to launch axe in the rest of europe but they had to change the name to lynx because of trademark problems . the company has also run into controversy . their advertisements have been criticized for their supposed promotion of encouraging sexual promiscuity and sexism . on january 12 , 2008 , 12 year old daniel hurley of derbyshire , england collapsed at his home and he died five days later . the medical coroner said that hurley suffered from cardiac arrhythmia and he died from heart failure after he sprayed large amounts of lynx in a confined space .
the party for japanese kokoro ( japanese : 日本のこころを大切にする党 " nippon no kokoro wo taisetsu ni suru tō , " which literally means " the party that cares for japan 's heart " ) is a political party in japan.the japan restoration party was formed on 12 september 2012 and was lead by mayor of osaka , tōru hashimoto , and shintaro ishihara . the party split in 2014 due to a disagreement over a merger with another party . ishihara left to form the party for future generations ( japanese : 次世代の党 " jisedai no tō " ) on 1 august 2014 . the party lost many seats in the 2014 japanese general election . they received 2.65 % of the vote . ishihara announced his retirement from politics two days after the election.according to ayako mie , the party 's policies are " a mix of conservative security policies , stricter immigration laws and advocacy of traditional values on the one hand , and ' liberalism ' in economic areas on the other , such as pursuing regulatory reform . " the party is also patriotic . the party is seen as right - wing or far - right.dissolved on 1 november 2018 . last party leader is kyoko nakayama .
richard bache ( 1737 – 1811 ) worked for the postal service under benjamin franklin from 1775 – 1776 , and was franklin 's successor as postmaster general , serving from 1776 – 1782 during the revolutionary war . he also served on the board of war.he was born in yorkshire , england and married the only daughter of franklin in 1767 , after immigrating to new york city in 1765 . his wife , sarah franklin bache ( 1743 - 1808 ) , was widely known for patriotism and benevolent activities.their son , richard bache jr. , served in the republic of texas navy and was elected as a representative to the second texas legislature in 1847 . another son was benjamin franklin bache ( 1769 - 1798 ) .
lake amadeus ( ) is a huge salt lake in the southwest corner of the northern territory , in australia . it is about north of uluṟu . the lake is 180 km long and 10 km wide . it is the largest salt lake in the northern territory . because of the dryness of the area , the lake is usually a dry salt crust . when it rains enough , water flows through it towards the east . it eventually connects to the finke river . lake amadeus holds up to 600 million tonnes of salt . the groundwater soaks into the ground , and the lake supports several reliable springs.the first european to find the lake was the explorer ernest giles in 1872 . he had seen kata tjuta from far away and was making his way there . the lake blocked his path . he could not go over it because the dry lake bed was not able to hold the weight of his horses . he described the lake as " an infernal lake of mud and brine " . giles was going to name it " lake ferdinand " after baron ferdinand von mueller . but mueller asked giles to instead name it after king amadeus i of spain . amadeus had honoured mueller a few years before.lake amadeus is on aboriginal land , and is covered by the katiti and petermann aboriginal land trusts .
in music theory , theoretical keys or impossible keys are keys with key signatures that contain at least one double - flats or double - sharps.double - flats and double - sharps are used in music as accidentals , but they are rarely placed in the key signature ( in music that uses equal temperament ) , because it would make reading the key signature very difficult.for example , the key of g major is rarely used to write music down , because its key signature has an f. an equal - tempered scale of g major has exactly the same notes as the a major scale . key pairs like this are called enharmonically equivalent . so the theoretical key of g major is usually written with the key signature of a major .
a roman legion was the basic military unit of the ancient roman army in the period of the late roman republic and the roman empire . it was roughly equivalent to the modern word division . in the plural , " the legions " , it may mean the entire roman army.a legion was about 5,000 men in several cohorts of heavy infantry ( legionaries ) . it was usually accompanied by attached units of auxiliaries , who were not roman citizens . they provided cavalry , ranged troops and skirmishers to complement the legion 's heavy infantry.the size of a typical legion varied during the history of ancient rome . it had a complement of 4,200 legionaries in the republican period of rome . in the imperial period , the full complement was 5,500 men split into 10 cohorts of 480 men each . the first cohort was at double strength with 800 men . the remaining 220 were 120 cavalry plus technical staff.rome did not have a standing army until the reforms of gaius marius about 107 bc . legions instead were created , used , and disbanded again . in the time of the early roman empire , there were usually about 25 – 35 standing legions plus their auxiliaries , with more raised as needed .
a courante ( ) is a dance that was popular in baroque music in the 17th and early 18th centuries . the word comes from the french word for to " run " . the courante was a fast , running dance with 3 beats in a bar ( the time signature was often 3/2 , although sometimes it was 3/4 ) . during the 17th century the french courante started to become slower than the italian corrente , and it often had more counterpoint ( imitating parts ) . however , this was not a strict rule , and the courantes that bach wrote were both italian and french in style , and sometimes he called them " courante " and sometimes " corrente " . composers of the baroque period often composed a group of several dances . this was called a suite . there was usually an allemande , then the courante was the second dance , followed by a sarabande and a gigue and sometimes one or two other dances or as well .
professor bronisław geremek ( benjamin lewertow ; march 6 , 1932 - july 13 , 2008 ) was a polish social historian and politician . geremek served as poland 's minister of foreign affairs from 1997 through 2000 . geremek was born on march 6 , 1932 in warsaw , poland . he studied at warsaw university . geremek was married to hanna geremek until his death in 2008 . geremek died on july 13 , 2008 after a car crash in lubień , poland . the cause of the crash was because geremek fell asleep behind the wheel . he was 76 years old . a state funeral was granted for geremek .
black clover ( japanese : ブラッククローバー hepburn : burakku kurōbā ) is a japanese fantasy shōnen manga series written and illustrated by yūki tabata . the series is published in shueisha 's weekly shōnen jump magazine in japan , and viz media is publishing it in their weekly shonen jump digital anthology magazine in the united states . the story centers around a young boy named asta , seemingly born without any magic power , something that is unknown in the world he lives in . with his ambition , newfound abilities , and friends , he aims to be the wizard king . an original video animation produced by xebec had its first trailer released on november 27 , 2016 , while an anime television series adaptation by pierrot premiered on october 3 , 2017 .
in baseball statistics , an error , abbreviated e and then the defensive positional designation , is the act , in the judgment of the official scorer , of a fielder misplaying a ball in a manner that allows a batter or baserunner to reach one or more additional bases , when such an advance would have been prevented given ordinary effort by the fielder.an error does not count as a hit but still counts as an at bat for the batter unless , in the scorer 's judgment , the batter would have reached first base safely but one or more of the additional base ( s ) reached was the result of the fielder 's mistake . in that case , the play will be scored both as a hit ( for the number of bases the fielders should have limited the batter to ) " and " an error . however , if a batter is judged to have reached base solely because of a fielder 's mistake , it is scored as a " hit on error , " and treated the same as if a batter was put out , which would lower his batting average.similarly , a batter does not receive credit for an rbi when runs score on an error , unless the scorer rules that a run would have scored even if the fielder had not made a mistake . for example , if a batter hits a ball to the outfield for what should be a sacrifice fly and the outfielder drops the ball for an error , the batter will still receive credit for the sacrifice fly and the run batted in.if a play should have resulted in a fielder 's choice with a runner being put out and the batter reaching base safely but the runner is safe due to an error , the play will be scored as a fielder 's choice , with no hit being awarded to the batter and an error charged against the fielder.passed balls and wild pitches are separate statistical categories and are not scored as errors .
the question mark is a punctuation mark that is used at the end of a sentence when asking a question.the symbol is thought to come from the latin quæstio , meaning " question " , which was shortened to qo . the uppercase q was written above the lowercase o , and this mark was turned into the symbol that we use today.another guess about where question mark comes from says that it comes from the 9th century , when it was a point followed by the curved part written slanted.some writers put a space between the end of their sentence and the question mark . this is thought to come from a french practice and is called french spacing . in french a space is always put before question marks , exclamation marks , colons , and semicolons . in english , however , using this space is thought of as bad form . the " oxford english dictionary " does not encourage it . some english books do have these spaces , but are often a very thin space , which are not full spaces but an attempt to make the words easier to read .
william wilson is a short story written by edgar allan poe in 1839 . the theme is doppelganger . another boy at his school looks and acts like himself , and was even born on the same day , january 19th ( poe 's actual birth day ) . the first wilson goes to the bad in life , but is haunted by his good double . after being subject to admonished at eaton and his honor destroyed at oxford , william [ no matter where he flies to -- vienna , berlin , moscow ] is haunted by his double in subsequent years , who thwarts plans described by william as driven by ambition [ in rome ] , revenge [ in paris ] , passionate love [ in naples ] , and avarice [ in egypt ] . one thing william can not understand is that while no one knows anything about his double , his double always seems to know everything about william . eventually he kills the double.the now dead double appears to wilson in a mirror , taunting him.poe later admitted he had got the idea from a previous story by washington irving about a character who kills his double .
park ridge is a borough in bergen county , new jersey , united states . park ridge had a population of 8,645 as of the 2010 united states census . the mayor of park ridge is terence p. maguire.the borough is a part of the pascack valley region of bergen county . it is bounded by the boroughs of montvale , river vale , woodcliff lake and hillsdale.the hertz corporation , a car rental company , had been headquartered in park ridge and was the borough 's largest single taxpayer . sony corporation of america has an r & d and engineering facility in park ridge.famous people were either born or raised here in park ridge : james gandolfini , the roches , and pat nixon .
tony " goose " siragusa ( born may 14 , 1967 in kenilworth , new jersey ) is an american football field analyst and former player . he covers the national football league for fox sports . siragusa played college football for the university of pittsburgh.siragusa also had a professional career as a defensive tackle . he made the indianapolis colts roster as an undrafted free agent in 1990 . he signed with the baltimore ravens in 1997 . in 2000 , siragusa was part of a great baltimore defense that won super bowl xxxv . siragusa retired after the 2001 nfl season . " goose " has been known for his " fun and loose " personality.siragusa is married and has children .
mingora is the largest city in swat district , khyber pakhtunkhwa , pakistan . it lies on the banks of river swat about 2 km from saidu sharif , the capital of swat.in 1998 the population of mingora was about 175,000 . the city was once a major tourist destination and was described by queen elizabeth as the " switzerland " of the former british empire.however because of the taliban , tourism has suffered due to fighting between the taliban and the government . in march 2009 the city came under taliban rule due to a peace agreement with the government . but the agreement was soon broken and in may 2009 the government were fighting with the taliban to end their occupation of the city .
a foundation is a kind of company set up to carry out charity or research work . a foundation is usually endowed , which means it is given a large sum of money to do its work . examples of foundations include the rockefeller foundation and the wikimedia foundation . the rockefeller family made their money from banking and oil and their family foundation is endowed with a very great sum of money . the people running the foundation think of ways to use the money to help charities , the arts , or whatever they like.another example is the bill & melinda gates foundation . bill gates made a fortune from microsoft . he and his wife now spend nearly all their time giving away the money he has made . they give it to projects like education in the united states and treating aids in third world countries .
esther salas ( born december 29 , 1968 ) is an american district judge of the united states district court for the district of new jersey sitting in newark , new jersey . she was a united states magistrate judge of the same court from 2006 until her confirmation as a district judge in 2011 . salas is the first hispanic woman to be a united states magistrate judge and as a united states district judge in the district of new jersey.on july 19 , 2020 , an anti-feminist lawyer , roy den hollander , targeted salas ' family at their home . salas 's son daniel , aged 20 , opened the door when den hollander knocked and opened fire , killing daniel at the scene . her husband mark was also shot multiple times and left in a critical but stable condition . salas was in the basement at the time of the attack and was not injured .
the game has three types of gameplay , including thw arwing , landmaster , and on foot . arwing gameplay is similar to " star fox " and " star fox 64 " , where players guide fox mccloud 's arwing spacecraft through stages . the player shoots down enemies and has to defend their teammates . power - ups are placed on stages to help the player . in some stages , the player may hop out of the arwing . in landmaster gameplay , the player guides a tank called the landmaster . players shoot or run over enemies , and help their teammates when they need help . on foot gameplay is similar to a traditional third - person shooter video game . the player starts with a blaster gun , and they can get stronger weapons , such as machine guns and sniper rifles.multiplayer can be played with up to four players . they can play on foot or in vehicles . new characters , weapons , items and maps can be unlocked in the game .
arif - ur - rehman alvi ( ; born 29 august 1949 ) is a pakistani politician . he is the 13th and current president of pakistan since 9 september 2018 . < ref name = " nawaiwaqt / 3sept2018 " > < / ref > < ref name = " pildat / dob " > < / ref > he was a member of the national assembly of pakistan from june 2013 to may 2018 and again from august to september 2018 . he was a founding member of pakistan tehreek - i - insaf ( pti ) . alvi was elected as president of pakistan on 4 september 2018 following the presidential election .
on january 29 , 2013 , a five - year - old boy was taken hostage for almost seven days in dale county , alabama , in the united states . the boy , ethan , was riding to school on a bus . a 65 - year - old vietnam war veteran named jimmy lee dykes came aboard the bus and killed the driver . dykes took ethan to an underground bunker on his property , in the wiregrass region near u.s. highway 231 . on the afternoon of monday , february 4 , after negotiations with dykes had failed and believing the child was going to be hurt very soon , law enforcement agents raided the bunker . the abductor was shot dead . ethan , who suffers from asperger 's syndrome , was rescued.neighbors and officials had described dykes as a survivalist with " anti-government " views .
rohtang pass ( el . 13,051 ft ( 3,978 m ) is a high mountain pass 51 km from manali that connects the kullu valley with the lahul and spiti valleys of himachal pradesh , republic of india.the pass is open only from may to november . it is used by a lot of cars , buses and trucks.a tunnel with 8.8 km ( 5.5 mi ) length is built at 3,100 metres ( 10,171 ft ) elevation and will be opened in 2019 . travelling on the leh - manali highway will then be possible all the year . now it takes 4 to 6 hours to cross rohtang pass . it will then take about half an hour to travel through the rohtang tunnel .
sexual dimorphism is a concept in biology . it means that the male and the female of a species look noticeably different . the word comes from the greek : " di " ( two ) and " morphe " ( form ) . it is the most common type of polymorphism . it may be the result of sexual selection , that is , competition between members of the same species for reproduction . more generally , sexual dimorphism is inherited , which means the differences between males and females have survival value.the features that distinguish the two sexes of a species are called secondary sex characteristics . they are not directly part of the reproductive system . they are the product of sexual selection for traits which give an individual an advantage over its rivals in survival and reproduction.the difference between sexes can include : the main functions of sexual dimorphism are to improve the individual 's chance of mating in various ways : some animals show these differences only during mating season . deer shed their antlers and peacocks shed their tails out of season . this minimises the key disadvantage of sexual dimorphism , which is , it makes the male much easier to be seen by predators .
a mononymous person is a person who is known and addressed by a single name . such names are called mononyms . in some cases , the person was known by a composed name ( " polynym " ) before , and selected a single name . today , this is often the case with artists , who select a stage name.in many cultures , people only had one name . this is the case of ancient greece . composed names were only used to avoid confusion . both zeno of elea and zeno of citium were called " zeno " , but the origin was added to avoid confusing the two . in ancient rome , people had a composed name which included a clan name and a family name , which did not change . while we refer to cicero as cicero , his real name was " marcus tullius cicero " . sometimes he is called " tully " in english . other people called " tullius " include manius tullius longus , a roman consul , about 500 bc , and quintus tullius cicero , one of caesars generals . nero was known as " nero claudius caesar augustus germanicus " . after the romans , composed names started to be more commonplace in the middle ages . in the americas , mononyms survived until the early 20th century . examples include pocahontas ( 1595 - 1617 ) and geronimo ( 1829 - 1909 ) . pocahontas married and english settler , and took the name " rebecca rolfe " after her marriage.royals usually adopt a single name . sometimes , a numeral is added . that way , elizabeth i ( 1533 - 1603 ) and elizabeth ii ( born 1926 ) both have a surname , but it is not used.similarly , popes select a single name , when they are elected . the current pope is called " jorge mario bergoglio " , but since his becoming pope , everyone has called him pope francis .
a wombat is a marsupial in the family vombatidae . it lives in the australian eucalyptus forests . there are two genera with three living wombat species ; the common wombat and the hairy - nosed wombats.it is a medium - sized animal that makes a burrow by digging holes in the ground . wombats are usually around a metre ( 40 in ) long when they are fully grown . it is a kind of animal known as a marsupial because it has a pouch on its belly that holds its young , although it faces back instead of forward like most marsupials . having the pouch face backwards prevents dirt from building up in the pouch and hitting the offspring in the face when digging . when its young are born they spend some time growing in their mother 's pouch before going into the world . wombats are herbivores . they eat plants , roots , and grasses . they are nocturnal which means they sleep in the day and come out at night . some wombats have thick brown fur and very small ears . they can weigh from 20 to 35 kilograms ( 45 to 80 lb ) . they can live up to 7 years.wombats are commonly known and recognised by their waste products . they are the only known mammals that excrete feces in cubic shape . this lets people easily know when wombat habitats are nearby . it also tells simply what the wombat may have eaten by examining the feces thoroughly .
norman alden ( born norman adelberg ; september 13 , 1924 – july 27 , 2012 ) was an american character actor . he performed in television programs and movies . he first appeared on television on " the 20th century fox hour " in 1957 . he provided the voice of kay in " the sword in the stone " ( 1963 ) , and had a notable role in " i never promised you a rose garden " . his acting career began in 1957 and lasted nearly 50 years . he retired from acting in 2006 . alden was born on september 13 , 1924 in fort worth , texas and died at the age of 87 on july 27 , 2012 from natural causes in los angeles . he is survived by his two children from his first marriage , one grandson , and his partner of over 25 years , linda gilbert thieben .
the binary numeral system is a way to write numbers using only two digits : 0 and 1 . these are used in computers as a series of " off " and " on " switches . in binary , each digit 's place value is twice as much as that of the next digit to the right ( since each digit holds two values ) . in decimal - the system that humans normally use - each digit holds ten values , and the place value increases by a power of ten ( ones , tens , hundreds , etc. ) . the place value of the rightmost digit in either case is 1 . example : 10110011adding together all the place values that have 1s , it would be 1 +2 +16 +32 +128 = 179 . for convenience , binary digits ( bits , for short ) are usually grouped together in two groups of 4 bits . this is 8 bits , or a byte , and is written using the hexadecimal numeral system . this would be shown as 1011 0011 = b3 .
the rainbow lorikeet ( " trichoglossus haematodus " ) is an australasian parrot . this brightly colored parrot lives on the east coast of australia , eastern indonesia ( maluku and western new guinea ) , papua new guinea , new caledonia , solomon islands and vanuatu.in australia , it is common along the eastern seaboard , from queensland to south australia and tasmania . its habitat is rainforest , coastal bush and woodland areas.it has a number of subspecies , in fact , some classifications list about 20 subspecies.rainbow lorikeets are monogamous and pair for life , and the two sexes look almost identical . they are strongly territorial , and chase off other birds . in some places ( western australia , north island of new zealand ) they have been artificially introduced , and are looked on as a pest species .
jonathon tate reeves ( born june 5 , 1974 ) , known as tate reeves , is an american republican politician . reeves is the 65th governor of mississippi since january 2020 . he served as the 32nd 32nd lieutenant governor of mississippi from 2012 to 2020 . reeves was earlier elected as mississippi ’s 33rd state treasurer on november 4 , 2003 and re-elected to a second term in 2007 . he is the first republican to have been state treasurer in mississippi history.after senator thad cochran resigned in march 2018 , news spread that governor phil bryant would make reeves cochran 's replacement . cindy hyde - smith was selected as cochran 's replacement on march 21 , 2018 . he was a candidate for governor of mississippi in the 2019 election . he beat jim hood in the general election , winning 52 % of the vote .
acronis inc. is an american software company . its main products are hard disk utility software . these include disk - imaging backup and recovery , partition management , boot management , and data migration software . it also develops software for virtualization migration and conversion for purpose of migrating a physical server to a virtual server ( such as vmware ) , or what is also termed p2v . its best - known product is acronis true image , which allows a software image of a computer to be made and which can be reinstalled on the same or another computer . most software is produced in different versions starting at low - priced software for single computers up to versions for companies with many desktop and server computers.acronis ' headquarters are in burlington , ma , usa with additional offices in the united states , europe and asia . walter scott , who formerly ran imceda corporation until its sale to quest software , became ceo in 2005 . acronis has taken venture funding from new york private equity and venture capital firm insight venture partners .
jean - robert de cavel ( born september 12 , 1961 ) is a french - american celebrity chef he was chef de cuisine at the maisonette from 1993 - 2002 , executive chef at jean - robert at pigall 's from 2002 - 2009 , and now works at jean - robert 's table , le bar a boeuf and french crust cafe . his career is based in cincinnati , ohio . he was born in roubaix , france.in 2003 de cavel and his wife annette founded the de cavel family sids ( sudden infant death syndrome ) foundation following the death of their first child , tatiana . de cavel has four times been a semifinalist for the james beard best chef in the great lakes region , in 2008 , 2009 , 2012 , and 2013 . de cavel was diagnosed with an aggressive form of leiomyosarcoma in may 2018 .
matthew stajan ( ; born december 19 , 1983 ) is a canadian former professional ice hockey centre.before playing in the nhl , stajan played 3 seasons with the belleville bulls of the ontario hockey league ( ohl ) . he was drafted with the 57th overall pick by the toronto maple leafs in the 2002 nhl entry draft . on january 31 , 2010 , the maple leafs traded stajan along with niklas hagman , ian white and jamal mayers in exchange for dion phaneuf , fredrik sjöström and keith aulie.he is married to his wife katie and they live in calgary . their first child named emerson , died on march 3 , 2014 shortly after birth .
ellen schwiers ( 11 june 1930 – 26 april 2019 ) was a german actress . her acting career lasted from 1949 to 2015 . she acted in plays by friedrich dürrenmatt and max frisch at the schauspielhaus zürich . she appeared as the buhlschaft in " jedermann " at the salzburg festival . she also acted in over 200 movies and television series . some of her screen roles include " when the bells sound clearly " , " the inheritance of bjorndal " , " god 's thunder " and " tatort " . in 1989 , she was awarded an officer 's cross of the order of merit of the federal republic of germany.schwiers was born in stettin , pomerania , which is now the polish city of szczecin . she was married to peter jacob from 1956 until his death in 1992 . the couple had two children.on 26 april 2019 , schwiers died in starnberg , bavaria . she was 88 .
jay woodson dickey , jr. ( december 14 , 1939 – april 20 , 2017 ) was an american politician . he was a former u.s. representative from the fourth congressional district of arkansas . he served in congress from 1993 to 2001 . both the dickey amendment ( 1996 ) , which blocks cdc funds to be used for injury prevention research that might advocate or promote gun control , and the dickey - wicker amendment ( 1995 ) , which prohibits federal funds to be spent on research that involves the destruction of a human embryo , are named for him.after the 2012 aurora shooting , former congressman dickey said that he regrets his role in blocking the cdc from researching gun violence.dickey died on april 20 , 2017 in pine bluff , arkansas , aged 77 .
the legend of zelda : hyrule historia is a book about " the legend of zelda " video game series . it shows the timeline of the fictional events in the series as written by nintendo . it also has artwork of games in the series , a short manga , and a foreword ( a short piece of writing found at the beginning of a book ) and afterword ( a short piece of writing found at the end of a book ) written by people who created the series.it was first released in japan on december 21 , 2011 . it was released for the series ' 25th anniversary and the release of " " . it was later released in english on january 29 , 2013 . the book topped amazon.com 's list of best - selling books . it also topped " the new york times " best seller list in the " hardcover advice & misc . " category .
dictyoptera includes two orders of insects – cockroackes and temites ( blattodea ) , and mantids ( mantodea ) . while all modern dictyoptera have short ovipositors , the oldest fossils of dictyoptera have long ovipositors , much like members of the orthoptera.the term dictyoptera is usually considered a superorder , with isoptera , blattaria and mantodea being its three orders . in some classifications , however , dictyoptera is shifted to order status.regardless , in all classifications the three constituent groups are the same , just treated at different rank . termites and cockroaches are very closely related , with ecological and molecular data pointing to a relationship with the cockroach genus " cryptocercus " . based on genetic evidence , the closest living relatives of the dictyoptera are the phasmids . if the dictyoptera are a superorder they might be included in it .
an electric switchboard is an electrical device that directs electricity from one place to another . it is usually in the form of electrical panel in an enclosure , which contains switches for such purposes.one of the more common configurations for an electric switchboard is a series of interconnected electrical panels . each of the panels in turn features a series of switches that make it possible to control the flow of electricity . making use of the switches , it is possible to adjust the voltage that is transmitted to connected devices , ensuring that the flow is not sufficient to cause damage to the circuitry . from this perspective , the electric switchboard can be viewed as a way of enhancing the safety of using electricity in the operation of various appliances , machinery , and other devices .
megaraptor was a large 26 feet ( 8 m ) long late cretaceous dinosaur . it had two large sickle - like claws on each hand . it was a lightly built biped , with a large head and sharp , serrated teeth in powerful jaws.the first fossil of " megaraptor " to be discovered was one of its claws . as they strongly resembled the claws seen in dromeosaurs , it was thought that megaraptor was a large member of that family . later , a complete hand was discovered , revealing the main claw was on its thumb.it is now classified either as a allosauroid carnosaur , related to " neovenator " , or right over on the other side of the theropoda as a tyrannosauroid coelurosaur .
panna rittikrai ( ) ( born krittiya lardphanna ; 17 february 1961 – 20 july 2014 ) was a thai martial arts action choreographer , comedian , movie director , screenwriter and actor . he was the leader of the muay thai stunt team ( formerly p. p . n . stunt team ) . his best known movies were " the bodyguard " ( 2004 ) , " born to fight " ( 2004 ) , " ong bak 2 " ( 2008 ) , " ong bak 3 " ( 2010 ) and " bangkok knockout " ( 2010 ) . rittikrai was born in khon kaen . he was diagnosed with a brain tumor shortly before his death.rittikrai died from kidney and liver failure on 20 july 2014 in bangkok . he was 53 .
neurosis is a class of mental disorders involving distress but not delusions or hallucinations . the person 's behavior is not outside socially acceptable norms . it is also known as psychoneurosis or neurotic disorder , and those suffering from it are said to be neurotic . the term " neurosis " was coined by scottish doctor william cullen in 1769 . the american diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders ( dsm ) has eliminated the category of " neurosis " . the editors decided to provide descriptions of behavior instead . according to the american heritage medical dictionary , it is " no longer used in psychiatric diagnosis " . instead , the disorders once classified as neuroses are now considered anxiety disorders . these changes are controversial.neurosis may involve :
ad astra is a latin phrase that means " to the stars " . the phrase has origins with virgil , who wrote ' ( " thus one journeys to the stars " , from aeneid book ix , line 641 , spoken by apollo to aeneas 's young son iulus ) and ' ( " desire to pursue the high ( or hard to reach ) stars on wings " book xii , lines 892 – 893 , spoken by aeneas to his foe turnus in their combat ) . another origin is seneca the younger , who wrote " " ( " there is no easy way from the earth to the stars " , hercules furens , line 437 , spoken by megara , hercules ' wife ) .
an astronaut or cosmonaut is a person who goes into outer space . the soviet union and countries that it was friends with used the word cosmonaut . western countries including the united states said astronaut . astronauts are also called " taikonauts " in china or " spationaute " in france.the first person to go into space was a russian from the soviet union . his name was yuri gagarin . this happened on april 12 , 1961 . the first and second people to walk on the moon were the americans neil armstrong and buzz aldrin . this happened on july 20 , 1969 . no astronauts have gone to the moon since 1972 . no people have visited any other planets yet.astronauts used to go into space using many different ways , but now they only go on the soyuz and shenzhou . several countries have worked together to build an international space station where people stay and work in space for long periods of time.a few countries and companies are trying to make more ways to get people into space . the united states is building a very big rocket called the space launch system . some american companies , for example boeing , lockheed martin , and spacex , are being paid by the united states to make ways for people to go to space .
the pentium f00f bug is a hardware bug ( design flaw ) found in most original pentium computer processors ( but not in pentium ii , iii , or 4 ) . the bug allows a malicious program running as an unprivileged ( non-root ) user to crash the computer by running the instructions ( in hexadecimal ) f00fc7c8 . in assembly language , this represents " lock cmpxchg8b eax " . if the system has crashed because of this bug , the only way to fix it is to reboot the computer , usually by unplugging it and plugging it back in . it does no permanent damage to the computer , but it may cause data loss . the bug was discovered in november 1997 . many operating systems made since 1997 have protection against this bug .
the video camera tube was a type of vacuum tube used to capture television images between the 1930s and 1980s . a video camera tube uses a lens to focus the image on a photoelectric material ( a material which emits electrons when light hits it ) housed at the front of a glass tube.an electron gun at the back of the tube , like those used in a cathode ray tube , fires electrons at the material . when the photoelectric material is hit with brighter light , it produces more electrons , which cause more of the electrons fired by the electron gun to bounce back.by measuring the number of electrons which bounced back , the video camera tube is able to tell how bright each part of the image is , and create a signal suitable for display on a cathode ray tube .
a marathon is a long distance running sport event where an athlete must run 42.195 kilometres ( 26 miles and 385 yards ) . there are many marathons held all over the world each year . it is a very difficult event and runners are advised to run many miles before they compete . this event was named after a battle of the greco - persian wars.the famous battle of marathon was fought in 490 b.c . an army from persia came to fight the army of athens . the army from athens was not expected to win , but they did . after the victory , they sent their best runner , a man named pheidippides back to athens to tell everyone the good news . he ran about 25 miles and died of exhaustion when he arrived.in 1896 the first modern olympics was held . there was a race called the marathon there . it was only about 25 miles then .
the tampa bay lightning is an ice hockey team in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . they were formed in 1991 , and began playing in 1992 - 93 nhl season.the lightning has won the stanley cup championship once and won the southeast division title 2 times ( 2002 - 03 and 2003 - 04 ) . before the lightning 's stanley cup championship , the team was regarded as one of the worst team in the league . it made the play - offs once before winning the southeast division in 2002 - 03 . it won the stanley cup championship in 2003 - 04 , the year before the nhl lock - out . under the leadership of captain dave andreychuk , and the strong goaltending performance of goaltender nikolai khabibulin , the lightning earned its first stanley cup over the calgary flames in 7 games.during the lightning 's stanley cup winning year , martin st. louis won the hart trophy , the league 's most valuable player . after game 7 against the calgary flames , brad richards was awarded the conn smythe trophy , the play - offs most valuable player . also , coach john tortorella was awarded the jack adams trophy for coach of the year .
george robert stephanopoulos ( ; born february 10 , 1961 ) is an american television journalist and a former political advisor.stephanopoulos is the chief political correspondent for the news division at abc - tv – and a co-anchor of abc - tvs morning news program , " good morning america " ( " gma " ) . he returned as host of abc - tv 's " this week " in january 2012 , a sunday morning news program produced by abc - tv 's news division . he is the main replacement anchor for abc - tv 's newscast program , " world news with diane sawyer " . in recent years , he has co-hosted abc newss special live coverage of political events with charles gibson and diane sawyer . he and has often been on " gma " and " world news " . he launched " george 's bottom line " , an abcnews.com blog.before he started working for abc news , he was a senior political adviser to the 1992 u.s. presidential campaign of bill clinton . he later became the white house communications director for two years . he was replaced by david gergen . this change came after the republican party getting control of the u.s. house and senate in the mid-term elections of 1994 . in april 2020 , stephanopoulos was diagnosed with covid - 19 .
gerry lester " bubba " watson , jr. ( born november 5 , 1978 ) is an american professional golfer . he plays on the pga tour . he plays left - handed . he is a multiple major champion , having won the masters tournament in 2012 and in 2014 . in february 2015 , watson reached a career - high 2nd place in the official world golf ranking.watson is among the longest drivers on the pga tour . in 2007 he had an average drive of and can hit a ball over , capable of generating a ball speed up to . also , in 2015 , watson won the travelers championship ; and the unofficial hero world challenge in the bahamas in december . in this tournament he finished 25 strokes under par , winning $ 1,000,000 . before the phoenix open in february 2016 , watson said that he did not like the golf course , the tournament players club ( tpc ) scottsdale . so he was jeered by fans for most of the tournament . he then talked against the media for " turning his words around " . two weeks later , he won the northern trust open in california for a second time in three years . he won by one stroke to finish at 15 under par .
sienna is a city in the italian region of tuscany . its name is spelt siena in italian . the city has a population of about 54,000 . the historic centre of siena has been declared by unesco a world heritage site . it is one of the nation 's most visited tourist attractions , with over 163,000 international arrivals in 2008 . siena is famous for its cuisine , art , museums , medieval cityscape and the palio , a horse race held twice yearly.siena began as etruscan , before it was conquered by ancient rome . sienna prospered under the lombards , who became the first kings of italy . lombard nobles governed it until the 8th century , when they were conquered by charlemagne and his franks . feudal rule eded with the death of the countess matilda in 1115 , and sienna became an independent city with its own government . there were struggles between siena and florence during the middle ages and the renaissance . the city did well in wool and money lending or usury , the charging of interest on loans .
hurricane isaac was the final tropical cyclone of the 2006 atlantic hurricane season . it reached peak strength of category 1 just before striking newfoundland , where it produced tropical storm - force winds . isaac followed the path of the three previous storms in the atlantic basin , florence , gordon , and helene . isaac formed in the central north atlantic ocean and moved eastward toward europe.hurricane isaac formed off the coast of africa on september 18 . intensification was partly suppressed by high wind shear and by cool sea surface temperatures in the wake of hurricanes gordon and helene . isaac reached tropical storm strength on september 28 and entered an area of low wind shear , allowing it to strengthen into an 85 mph ( 137 km / h ) hurricane . its intensity nearly matched forecasts made with the statistical hurricane intensity prediction scheme ( ships ) . on october 1 , isaac turned northeast and struck newfoundland as a tropical storm . two days later , it merged with a newly formed baroclinic low off the east coast of the united states . the merged system was forecast to move toward the area between greenland and great britain . isaac produced rainfall over newfoundland of up to 25 mm ( 1 in ) . no deaths or damage were reported . isaac was the second storm to affect newfoundland during the season , the other being hurricane florence .
james moore , known as slim harpo , ( january 11 , 1924 — january 31 , 1970 ) was a famous blues musician born in lobdell , louisiana , usa . he played in the style called swamp blues.as a child he learned to play the guitar and the harmonica . he started playing in the 1940 's and in 1948 became a full time musician , using the name " harmonica slim " . he changed his name to " harpo slim " in the 1950 's . he had several hit recordings including , " king bee " in 1957 , " raining in my heart " in 1961 and " scratch my back " in 1966 . the rolling stones recorded " king bee " on their first album.harpo slim died from a heart attack in 1970 .
in chemistry , a solution is a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances . the substances that are dissolved are called solutes . the substance the solutes are dissolved in is called the solvent . an example from everyday experience is a solid like salt or sugar ( which are crystalline solids ) , dissolved in a liquid ( like water ) . gases can dissolve in liquids . an example is carbon dioxide or oxygen in water . liquids may dissolve in other liquids and gases in other gases.the amount of solute added to the solvent determines the concentration of the solution . the solution with the large amount of solute is called a concentrated solution ; the solution with less solute is called a dilute solution.examples of solid solutions are alloys and some minerals . for example , brass is an alloy of copper and zinc .
a penalty shootout in association football is a way of deciding who wins match if both teams have scored the same number of goals.if the score is a draw after 90 minutes , usually the teams will play an extra 30 minutes of extra time . if the score is still equal , then a penalty shootout takes place . usually each team takes five penalties each , and the team who scores the most wins . if both teams are equal after these penalties , then each team will take one more penalty until one team is ahead.penalty shootouts are normally only used in cup matches , and not league matches . if nobody wins in a league match , both teams get one point for the draw . in a cup match often a winner in needed to go to the next round.many famous cup finals have been won by penalty shootouts , like the 2006 world cup final , the 2005 uefa champions league final and the 1994 world cup final .
a convertible is a car with a roof that can be removed or folded down , but is often seen without a roof . a convertible usually has two doors , but convertibles with four doors can also be found . some examples are mazda mx - 5 , bmw z4 , ferrari 458 spyder , mercedes - benz slk class , etc . a convertible is a type of automobile of various automobile body styles that can convert from open - air ( top - down or topless ) mode to a provisionally enclosed ( roofed or top - up ) mode . convertibles evolved from the earlier phaeton , a similar vehicle without glass side windows that may or may not have had removable panels of fabric or other material instead to protect passengers from rain and cold , etc . a semi-convertible or cabrio coach is similar to a convertible and also has a retractable or removable top , but has fully framed windows on its side doors as opposed to a convertible 's roll - down frameless windows that provide an even more open car driving experience.roof designs have varied widely and have evolved from the earliest models , where roofs were demountable and / or detachable . contemporary roofs are often hinged to fold away , either into a recess behind the rear seats or into the boot or trunk of the vehicle . the roof may operate either manually or automatically via hydraulic or electrical actuators , and the roof itself may be constructed of soft or rigid material . soft - tops are made of vinyl , canvas or other textile material , while hard - tops are made of steel , aluminum , plastic , or other rigid materials.the majority of convertible cars are two door models , with markedly fewer four - door models.convertibles may also be referred to as cabriolet , roadster , tourer or drophead coupé and the colloquial terms drop top and rag top are also used . hard - top convertibles may be called coupé cabriolet , coupé convertible , retractable hardtop or , when equipped with two seats , coupé roadster / roadster coupé .
mahakala is a dromaeosaurid dinosaur from the upper cretaceous of 80 million years ago.it is based on a partial skeleton found in the gobi desert , mongolia . " mahakala " was a small dromaeosaur , about 70 centimeters long ( 28 in ) . its skeleton shows some features which are also found in early troodontids and avialans . however , its short forearms rule it out of the alialae.despite its late appearance , its structure is that of a basal dromaeosaur . its small size , and the small size of other basal deinonychosauria , suggests that small size came before flight in birds .
gauri lankesh ( " gauri laṅkēś " , 29 january 1962 – 5 september 2017 ) was an indian journalist - turned - activist from bangalore , karnataka . she worked as an editor in " lankesh patrike " , a kannada weekly started by her father p. lankesh , and ran her own weekly called " gauri lankesh patrike " . lankesh was known for advocating freedom of the press . she had written about the wrongdoings of the indian national congress leader , d. k. shivakumar , a close associate of the former chief minister of karnataka , s. m. krishna.lankesh was shot to death by unknown assailants outside her home in rajarajeshwari nagar on september 5 , 2017 at the age of 55 . at the time of her death , gauri was known for being a critic of right - wing hindu extremism .
audre lorde ( february 18 , 1934 – november 17 , 1992 ) was an american writer , feminist , womanist , and civil rights activist . she was born in new york city.lorde was born almost blind and was tongue tied . at the age of four , lorde learned how to read and talk . lorde went to catholic grammar schools . she went to hunter college and columbia university . she would say that “ lesbian ” and “ black ” did n’t really define her . she did n’t like being put in those categories . she was a lesbian . she was famous for her strong poems about racism and love.lorde died on november 17 , 1992 in saint croix , u.s. virgin islands from liver cancer , aged 58 .
the maize weevil ( sitophilus zeamais ) is a species of beetle in the family curculionidae . in the united states , it is called the greater rice weevil . it lives in many tropical areas around the world , and in the united states . it is a major pest of maize . this species attacks both crops that are still growing and those that have been harvested . it attacks wheat , rice , sorghum , oats , barley , rye , buckwheat , peas , and cottonseed . the maize weevil also attacks processed cereal products such as pasta , cagassava , and various coarse , milled grains . it has even been known to attack fruit while in storage , such as apples .
chlordane is an insecticide , introduced in 1947 . it is an organochloride that acts like a contact poison . it can be produced using the diels – alder reaction , and has at least 147 constituents . its main use was in treating seeds , e.g . of potatoes , wheat , or vegetables . it was also used for wood preservation , and against ants and termites . chlordane only degrades slowly , which means that it is relatively easy to spread it over long distances . it accumulates in the body of animals , in mammals mostly in the nervous system and the liver . chlordane has been shown to cause cancer in mice ; it may cause cancer in humans . chlordane is toxic . it is listed in the stockholm convention on persistent organic pollutants .
iso 3166 - 2 : az is the entry for azerbaijan in iso 3166 - 2 , part of the iso 3166 standard published by the international organization for standardization ( iso ) , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions ( e.g. , provinces or states ) of all countries coded in iso 3166 - 1 . currently for azerbaijan , iso 3166 - 2 codes are defined for two levels of subdivisions : the eleven municipalities have special status equal to the raions . şuşa , the disputed municipality , has been removed from the list.each code consists of two parts , separated by a hyphen . the first part is az , the iso 3166 - 1 alpha - 2 code of azerbaijan . the second part is either of the following :
the ragdoll is a cat breed that is large , with blue eyes , and a semi-longhair soft and silky coat of fur . it is usually mostly white , with light to dark marks.the ragdoll was first bred by an american breeder named ann baker from a persian - like cat ( without a pedigree ) and a birman cat with the siamese colorpoint gene . it is similar in appearance to the himalayan , which was bred directly from the persian and siamese.the ragdoll is gentle , easy going , and affectionate . the breed was named " ragdoll " because they often go limp and relax like a rag or cloth doll when it is picked up . the original mother cat that the breed was created from was involved in a car accident , but contrary to popular belief , this is not why the breed goes limp when picked up ( injuries from an accident are not passed on to offspring genetically ) . ragdoll is a breed that enjoys being around humans and it may follow its owner around the house . due to its soft nature , it is strictly recommended to be an indoor only cat.in addition to the colorpoint pattern , ragdolls may also have mittens ( white paws ) .
the british rail class 28 , originally known as metropolitan - vickers type 2 , diesel locomotives were built as part of the british railways modernisation plan . the locomotives had a co-bo wheel arrangement . there was a 6 - wheel bogie at one end a 4 - wheel bogie at the other end . this wheel arrangement was unique in british railways practice but not uncommon in some other countries , notably japan . this affected their route availability , due to the different axle loading at each end of the loco , and made maintenance more complicated . the maximum tractive effort was unusually high for a type 2 locomotive but , as there were five ( not four ) driving axles , the risk of wheelslip was minimal .
mardi gras ( fat tuesday ) is a festival held the day before ash wednesday ( shrove tuesday ) , signifying the end of the carnival season and the start of lent . many cities ( especially those with large catholic populations ) like new orleans are famous for their mardi gras.during mardi gras , almost everyone takes part in celebrating with lavish parades and parties . many different people celebrate mardi gras in their own way , some people have small parties and eat many of the tasty pastries and some people have huge parties and celebrate in a big way . some of the pastries they eat are called king 's cake , hot cross buns , punchskis , tricolor scrolls and thick sugar cookies . there are many more things that other people eat but these are the usual american celebration food for mardi gras . there are so many different parades and kinds of celebrations.in some countries , including the united kingdom , ireland and australia , the day is called shrove tuesday , fat tuesday , pancake tuesday or pancake day.mardi gras is also celebrated in french speaking countries.and whenever you go there you have to scream " yeet " .
the chondrostei are a sub-class of ray - finned fish , the actinopterygii . they include the sturgeons , huge fish which provide caviar.the chondrostei are mainly cartilaginous fish with some ossification . there are 52 species divided among two orders . the orders are the acipenseriformes ( sturgeons and paddlefishes ) , and the polypteriformes ( reedfishes and bichirs ) . this group has at times been classified with the sharks : the similarities are obvious , not only do the chondrosteans mostly lack bone , the structure of the jaw is more akin to that of sharks than other bony fish . both lack scales ( except the polypteriforms ) . additional shared features include spiracles and , in sturgeons , a heterocercal tail ( the vertebrae extend into the larger lobe of the caudal fin ) . however the fossil record suggests that these fish have more in common with the teleostei than their external appearance might suggest .
the treaty of london of 1839 was a treaty signed on 19 april 1839 between the european great powers , the united kingdom of the netherlands and the kingdom of belgium . it is also known as the first treaty of london , the convention of 1839 , and the london treaty of separation.this treaty was needed because the netherlands would not sign the 1831 ' treaty of the xxiv articles ' . this treaty said that belgium was its own country . it confirmed the independence of the german speaking part of luxembourg . the most important part of the treaty was that belgium should always be neutral . also , those who signed the treaty would have to protect belgium if it was attacked.the treaty is said to be a part of the cause of world war i . when the german empire invaded belgium in august 1914 , the uk declared war only days later on 4th august .
cimabue , ( c. 1240 - c. 1302 ) , was a painter from florence in italy who worked in the late medieval period . his real name was cenni di peppi . he painted large icons in the byzantine style and was the first great painter in the city of florence . the only works of art that are known to be definitely by cimabue are the mosaic of christ in majesty in pisa cathedral and two very large ruined frescos in the church of st francis in assisi.the most famous painting that is believed to be by cimabue is the " madonna of santa trinita " which is an altarpiece that was done for the church of the holy trinity . it is now in the uffizi gallery in florence . he is also believed to have painted two large crucifixes which hung in the church of st domenic in arezzo and the church of the holy cross ( santa croce , florence ) . the crucifix of santa croce was ruined in a flood and is now in the church 's museum.the biographer giorgio vasari wrote about cimabue 's life , 250 years after his death . he wrote that one day cimabue was walking in the country when he saw a little shepherd boy scratching a picture of a sheep onto a rock . the drawing was so good that cimabue went to the boy 's father and begged that he might take the boy as his apprentice and teach him to paint . the boy was giotto , who became a very famous painter , and who is thought of as the very first painter of the italian renaissance .
nadine gordimer ( 20 november 1923 – 13 july 2014 ) was a south african writer , political activist and recipient of the 1991 nobel prize in literature . she was known as a woman " who through her magnificent epic writing has – in the words of alfred nobel – been of very great benefit to humanity " . she was of jewish descent.gordimer 's writing helped abolishing apartheid in south africa . she was active in the anti-apartheid movement , joining the african national congress during the days when the organization was banned . later on she was also active in hiv / aids causes.gordimer was one of 20 nobel laureates who signed the " stockholm memorandum " at the 3rd nobel laureate symposium on global sustainability in stockholm , sweden on 18 may 2011 . gordimer was born near springs , a small town outside of johannesburg on 20 november 1923 . gordimer died on 13 july 2014 at the age of 90 .
les sylphides ( ) is a ballet choreographed by michel fokine to the music of frederic chopin . the music was orchestrated by stravinsky among others . the scenery and costumes were designed by alexandre benois.the ballet was first performed by the ballets russes in paris at the théâtre du châtelet on 2 june 1909 . it starred nijinsky , tamara karsavina , anna pavlova , and maria baldina . the ballet is non-narrative . it does not tell a story . it is a series of dances meant to evoke the atmosphere and ambiance of a romantic ballet . " les sylphides " was developed from a fokine ballet called " chopiniana " . this ballet was performed in st petersburg on 21 march 1908 . it was a series of imagined scenes from chopin 's life that included a polish wedding and a ballroom polonaise . it was revised . all characters and any suggestion of a plot were dropped to create instead an evocation of the romantic ballet.the revised ballet ( still called " chopiniana " ) was performed in st petersburg on 6 april 1908 . this second version was costumed in the long white ballet tutu made famous by marie taglioni in " la sylphide " . " chopiniana " was renamed " les sylphides " when it was presented in paris . " les sylphides " generally includes the following musical numbers :
bothriolepis is a genus of antiarch placoderms . it was widespread and diverse in the middle to late devonian . " bothriolepis " lived in environments across every continent including near - shore marine and freshwater settings . most species of " bothriolepis " were small , benthic , freshwater detritivores . they got nutrients by eating decomposing plant / animal material . they were about in length . however , the largest species , " b. maxima " , had a carapace about in length.over 70 species are found across the world , but this is also typical of modern bottom dwelling species around today .
forbes is a town in the central west of new south wales , australia . it is on the newell highway between parkes and west wyalong . there were about 7000 living in the town in 2001 . forbes is on the banks of the lachlan river . it is 245m above sea - level . it is about 380 km west of sydney . the farms in the area mainly grow wheat . nearby towns and villages include : parkes , bedgerebong , bundbarrah , corradgery , daroobalgie , eugowra , ooma north and paytens bridge . it is home to the ben hall a notorius australian bushranger .
anaerobic respiration is a form of respiration which does not use oxygen . elements other than oxygen are used for electron transport . common replacements for oxygen are nitrates , iron , manganese , sulfates , sulfur , fumaric acid and carbon dioxide . " escherichia coli " uses nitrates and fumaric acid for respiration.for the electron transport chain to work , there must be a final electron acceptor at the end of the chain . this allows electrons to pass through the chain . in aerobic organisms , this final electron acceptor is oxygen . molecular oxygen is a highly oxidizing agent and so it is an excellent acceptor . in anaerobes , other less - oxidizing substances such as sulphate ( so ) , nitrate ( no ) , sulphur ( s ) are used . these terminal electron acceptors have smaller reduction potentials than o , so less energy is released per oxidized molecule . anaerobic respiration is therefore less efficient than aerobic respiration except , of course , when oxygen is scarce.if oxygen is not used at all , the process is called fermentation . examples of organisms using fermentation are lactic acid bacteria , and yeast . yeast is a fungi , not bacteria.the equation for anaerobic respiration is :
baden - württemberg is a federal state in germany . it has an area of 35 752 km ² and nearly 11 million people . the capital is stuttgart . the minister president is winfried kretschmann of the ( bündnis 90 / die grünen ) . it is the third biggest state in germany . only bavaria and north rhine - westphalia have more people living there.the federal state is in the southwest of germany . it shares borders to the east with the state of bavaria , to the north with the states of hesse and rhineland - palatinate , to the west with the country of france ( along the river rhine ) and to the south with the countries switzerland and austria .
jikji is the oldest extant movable metal type book in the world . " jikji " is the short title of a korean book whose full title can be translated as " anthology of the great priests ' zen teachings " . it is a buddhist document , and was printed during korea 's goryeo era in 1377 . " jikji " is a book about zen buddhism published in heungdeok temple . it was written by the buddhist monk baegun who died three years before this edition was printed . baegun was the chief priest of the anguk and shingwang temples in haeju . " jikji " was published 78 years before johannes gutenberg 's " 42 - line bible " . " jikji " consists of two volumes . only the second volume is extant . this volume is held in the national library of france . unesco confirmed " jikji " as the world 's oldest metalloid type book in september 2001 , and includes it in the " memory of the world " program .
theft is when one person or group takes from another persons or state any object , money , or information without permission . a person who has been convicted of theft may be called a thief . however , the practice of engaging in theft is also called stealing . there are many different types of theft , such as pickpocketing and shoplifting . burglary and robbery are separate crimes which involve theft.stealing is basic and is illegal almost everywhere . thieves steal things sometimes because they want to have something for themselves , or because they want to sell something for money . sometimes thieves will come up with plans to rob a store , bank , house , or person , and sometimes they will just see a chance to steal something and take it . some thieves have an impulse control disorder.when thieves steal things for money , they usually pick cars , electronics , laptops , or other things they can sell easily . sometimes thieves use pawn shops to sell things easily to someone who will not ask questions .
the tweenies is an american – british tv show for children shown on the nickelodeon in the united states and bbc in the united kingdom . the show is set in a preschool attended by the four tweenies : milo , jake , bella and fizz , also with two adults max and judy , and two dogs , doodles and izzles . the theme song is " hey , hey , are you ready to play " . it was first shown on july 14 , 2003 . it is made by tell - tale productions and nick jr. productions . hit songs from the show include " i believe in christmas " , " number 1 " which went into the top 10 , " best friends forever " , " do the lollipop " , " have fun , go mad ! " which went into the top 20 . they also have a number 56 hit album and a number 34 hit christmas album . video games include an action game by bbc multimedia / tell - tale called " tweenies : doodles ' bones " which was released in 2005 and a compilation game by bbc multimedia / various called " tweenies : game time " which was released in 2003 .
a digital manga remake of the series , illustrated by yusuke murata , began publication on shueisha 's " young jump web comics " website in 2012 . the chapters are collected and printed into " tankōbon " volumes . sixteen volumes were released as of april 4 , 2018 . viz media has licensed the remake for english publication in its " weekly shonen jump " digital magazine.an anime television based on this manga by madhouse aired in japan between october and december 2015 . it was dubbed in english during the summer of 2016 . later that year a planned second season was announced . on september 25 , 2017 , it was announced that they would be changing both its production company and director.the series nominated for the seventh annual manga taishō awards in 2014 . the series was also nominated for an eisner award in 2015 .
paulo roberto de freitas , best known as bebeto ( january 15 , 1950 – march 13 , 2018 ) was a brazilian volleyball coach and football manager . he was the president of botafogo fr football club.bebeto was born in rio de janeiro . he won a silver medal at the 1984 olympics . he won the 1998 world championships with italy men 's national team . he also competed in the volleyball tournaments at the 1972 summer olympics and the 1976 summer olympics.the following year he began his career as football manager for clube atlético mineiro , moving to botafogo in 2002 , bringing the team back to campeonato brasileiro série a in 2003 . de freitas died on march 13 , 2018 of a heart attack in belo horizonte , brazil at the age of 68 .
edward canby ( november 9 , 1817 – april 11 , 1873 ) was a general in the union army during the american civil war . he was born in 1817 in kentucky . he graduated from the united states military academy in 1839 . he fought in the mexican - american war . after moving around to different army posts , he became commander of the u.s. army units in new mexico in 1860 . canby was a colonel at the start of the civil war . he helped defeat a confederate force during the new mexico campaign in early 1862 . at the end of march 1862 , he was promoted to brigadier general . he was reassigned to the eastern united states . in 1864 , he became commander of the union forces along the gulf of mexico . he captured the confederate city of mobile , alabama in april 1865 . canby commanded u.s. army units in the south during the reconstruction of the united states . in 1872 , he was sent to the pacific northwest to fight the indian tribes . he was killed in 1873 while trying to make a peace treaty with the modoc tribe in northern california .
the zebra mussel is a small shellfish . it is a bivalve mollusc , a type called a mussel.color patterns vary , with only dark or colored shells or no stripes . they are typically found attached to objects , surfaces , or each other by threads underneath the shells . although similar in appearance to the quagga mussel , the two species can be easily distinguished . when placed on a surface zebra mussels are stable on their flattened underside while quagga mussels , lacking a flat underside , will fall over.these musssels spread rapidly by sticking to boats . they spread by this passive method to many places where they have no natural predators . that explains their huge growth in numbers.zebra mussels are a problem in northern america 's great lakes region because they reproduce fast . they colonize water supply pipes of hydroelectric and nuclear power plants , public water supply plants , and industrial facilities . as a result , they clog water sources . they colonize pipes constricting flow , therefore reducing the intake in heat exchangers , condensers , fire fighting equipment , and air conditioning and cooling systems . it is estimated that zebra mussels will continue to populate the great lakes and even enter the mississippi river region .
a photodiode is a light sensitive semiconductor . it is a type of photodetector capable of changing ( or converting ) light into either current or voltage , depending upon the mode of operation . if the anode and cathode leads of a photodiode are joined together by a wire , when in the dark , no current will flow . on the other hand , when in the light , current flows from the cathode to the anode . the diode part of a photodiode allows current to flow in only one direction.photodiodes may contain optical filters , built - in lenses , and may have large or small surface areas . photodiodes usually have a slower as its surface area increases . the common , traditional solar cell used to generate electric solar power is a large area photodiode . photodiodes and look the same physically but have different functions.it is based on a reversed bias circuit .
lari michele white ( ; may 13 , 1965 – january 23 , 2018 ) was an american country music artist and actress.white had a recording contract with rca records nashville . she produced three studio albums , a greatest hits package , and several chart singles , with three of her singles having reached top ten : " that 's my baby " and " that 's how you know ( when you 're in love ) " at no . 10 , and " now i know " at no . 5 . a fourth studio album was released in 1998 on lyric street records , followed by two more releases on white 's own label , skinny white girl . overall , white charted 12 times on the " billboard " country music charts.white had a small role in the movie " cast away " . in november 2017 , white was diagnosed with advanced peritoneal cancer . she died on january 23 , 2018 in nashville at the age of 52 .
a non-commissioned officer ( sometimes spelled noncommissioned officer and shortened to nco or non-com ( us ) ) , called a sub-officer in some countries , is a military officer who has not been given a commission . non-commissioned officers , in the english - speaking world , usually obtain their position of authority by promotion through the enlisted ranks.nco 's usually include all grades of corporal and sergeant ; in some countries , warrant officers also do the same things as ncos . in the navy and depending on the country , some or all grades of petty officer may be counted as nco 's . there are different classes of non-commissioned officer , including junior non-commissioned officers ( jnco ) and senior ( or staff ) non-commissioned officers ( snco ) .
thyone or ' , is a non-spherical moon of jupiter . it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard , et al . in 2001 , and given the designation ' . thyone is about 4 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 21,406,000 km in 639.803 days , at an inclination of 147 ° to the ecliptic ( 147 ° to jupiter 's equator ) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2526 . it was named in august 2003 after thyone , better known as semele , one of zeus ' conquests in greek mythology.thyone belongs to the ananke group , retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km , at inclinations of about 150 ° .
naim süleymanoğlu ( in bulgaria forced to change as naim suleimanov ( bulgarian : наим сюлейманов ) , 23 january 1967 – 18 november 2017 ) was a turkish world and olympic champion in weightlifting . in the 1988 summer olympics he set a record by lifting 190 kg in the clean and jerk . he was awarded the olympic order in 2001 . in 2000 and 2004 he was elected member of the international weightlifting federation hall of fame.on 25 september 2017 , he was hospitalized due to liver failure . on 6 october , he had liver transplantation was made when a liver donor was found . on 11 november a surgery was made due to a cerebral hemorrhage which led to cerebral edema . he died on 18 november 2017 .
lily thomson ( born 5 april 1989 ) , better known as lily james , is an english actress and singer . her acting career started with the tv series " just william " ( 2010 ) . her breakthrough role was the title role in the romance fantasy movie " cinderella " ( 2015 ) . she also acted on television in " downton abbey " ( 2012 – 2015 ) and " war & peace " ( 2016 ) . james has also starred in movies such as " baby driver " ( 2017 ) , " darkest hour " ( 2017 ) , " the guernsey literary and potato peel pie society " ( 2018 ) , " mamma mia ! here we go again " ( 2018 ) and " yesterday " ( 2019 ) . james was born in esher , surrey . her father , james thomson , died of cancer in 2008 . she took her father 's given name as her stage name when she learnt of an actress also named lily thomson . she has dated actor matt smith since 2014 .
beta centauri ( β centauri , β cen , agena , or hadar ) , is a triple star system in the southern constellation of centaurus.the system 's combined apparent visual magnitude of 0.61 makes it the second - brightest star in centaurus and one of the brightest stars in the night sky . according to parallax measurements from the astrometric hipparcos satellite , the distance to this system is about . beta centauri is well known in the southern hemisphere . a line made from alpha centauri , through beta centauri leads to within a few degrees of gacrux , the star at the top of the southern cross . using gacrux , a navigator can draw a line with acrux at the bottom to find south .
the fairly oddparents was an animated television series created by butch hartman in 2001 for the nickelodeon cable television network . it is about a ten - year - old boy named timmy turner who has fairy godparents , named cosmo and wanda , and a fairy godbrother named poof . the fairies have the power to grant wishes to timmy , while still following da rules , the fairy rule book . " the fairly oddparents " was the fourth longest - running nicktoon series . in 2017 , it ended with the half - hour episode " hare raiser / the kale patch caper " . the series was originally set to continue , but ended with the tenth season . the show was cancelled by nickelodeon in 2018 , and it was surpassed by " spongebob squarepants " with current run .
leszek kołakowski - ( october 23 1927 — july 17 2009 ) was a polish philosopher , who worked mainly in the history of philosophy , history of political ideas and philosophy of religion , essayist , journalist and novelist . he was born in radom , south of warsaw in 1927 and died in oxford , england in 2009 . kolakowski published more than 30 books during his 50 - year writing career . he was awarded the order of the white eagle , poland ’s highest honor , and the macarthur foundation fellowship.in 2003 he became the first recipient of the united states library of congress ’s $ 1 million john w. kluge prize for lifetime achievement in the humanities and social sciences , given in fields where there are no nobel prizes . in announcing the prize , james h. billington , the librarian of congress , noted not only mr. kolakowski ’s scholarship but also his “ demonstrable importance to major political events in his own time , ” adding that “ his voice was fundamental for the fate of poland , and influential in europe as a whole . ” his work inspired the solidarity movement in poland.in his younger days he was a communist , but could see the problems with the soviet type of speech control . in " 72 definitions of what socialism is not " he said " socialism is not : a society in which one man is in trouble for saying what he thinks , while another is well - off because he does not say what he has on his mind ; a society in which a man lives better if he does n't have any thoughts of his own at all ; a state which has more spies than nurses and more people in prison than in hospital ; a state in which the philosophers and writers always say the same as the generals and ministers – but always after they 've said it … " .
color of night is a 1994 american erotic mystery thriller movie . it was released on august 19 , 1994 . it is directed by richard rush . it stars bruce willis , jane march and scott bakula . " color of night " gained notoriety for sex scenes between willis and march , which were somewhat graphic and explicit by mainstream standards . the character rose ( played by march ) is a bisexual woman . the scenes led the mpaa to give " color of night " an nc - 17 rating ; certain scenes were then removed before release . " color of night " is rated r for sexual content , graphic violence and very strong language . " maxim " magazine has singled out the movie as having the best sex scene in movie history .
john landry “ buddy ” boudreaux ( december 27 , 1917 – june 13 , 2015 ) was an american big band and jazz musician . he was born in donaldsonville , louisiana . he played saxophone and clarinet . since 1934 , he directed and played in a number of bands that have toured the southern united states and drawn nationally known performers to baton rouge.the state - times newspaper called him “ the city ’s sound of big band . ” his bands backed such artists as andy williams , bernadette peters , doc severinsen , dionne warwick , gladys knight and the pips , burt bacharach , johnny mathis , the four tops , bob hope , george burns and joan rivers . he opened shows for tony bennett , tony orlando , louise mandrell , the beach boys and bill cosby . he was co-author — with his barber , michael t. abadie — of “ my baton rouge , ” which in 1998 was declared the city ’s official song.boudreaux died at the age of 97 in baton rouge , louisiana .
richard david briers , cbe ( 14 january 1934 - 17 february 2013 ) was an english actor whose career has contained theatre , television , film and radio . briers was born in raynes park , surrey , england.in 1961 , briers got the lead male role in " marriage lines " in the 1960s . it was in the next decade when he played tom good in the bbc sitcom " the good life " that he made a household name . in the 1980s he starred in " ever decreasing circles " . he from 2000 to 2002 came back to the spotlight with a leading role in " monarch of the glen " . briers was the first narrator and voice actor for the show enid blyton 's " noddy " . richard briers was made obe in 1989 , and cbe in 2003 . briers was a heavy smoker until he quit in 2003 . he was diagnosed with emphysema in 2008 .
huun - huur - tu ( tuvan : " хүн хүртү " , " khün khürtü " ) is a music group from tuva , a russian federation republic on the mongolian border.huun huur tu performs throat singing , in which the singers sing more than one note at a time . one of the notes sometimes sounds like a flute , whistle or bird , but is actually a person 's voice.the group mostly uses native tuvan instruments such as the " igil " , " khomus " ( tuvan jaw harp ) , " doshpuluur " , and " dünggür " ( shaman drum ) . however , in recent years , the group has started using western instruments , such as the guitar . huun huur tu 's music is mostly tuvan folk music , but they also experiment with western instruments and electronic music .
kimberley gail " kym " marsh ( formerly ryder , and lomas born 13 june 1976 in whiston , knowsley , merseyside , england ) is an english actress and singer . marsh grew up in garswood , merseyside.marsh rose to fame when she and four other contestants won reality tv show " popstars " and formed manufactured pop quintet hear ' say . she is presently most recognisable from her role as michelle connor on the long - running itv1 soap opera " coronation street " which she has played since 2006 . marsh was one of the contenders to represent the uk in the 2006 eurovision song contest ; she was third place and as such did not take part in the esc .
curtis lee hanson ( march 24 , 1945 – september 20 , 2016 ) was an american movie director , producer , and screenwriter . he was known for his directing work . his works include the psychological thriller " the hand that rocks the cradle " ( 1992 ) , the neo-noir crime movie " l.a . confidential " ( 1997 ) , the comedy " wonder boys " ( 2000 ) , the hip hop drama " 8 mile " ( 2002 ) , and the romantic comedy - drama " in her shoes " ( 2005 ) . hanson won the academy award for best adapted screenplay in 1998 , for co-writing " l.a . confidential " with brian helgeland.hanson later retired from his work . he was reported to suffer from dementia . he died of natural causes at his los angeles home at the age of 71 .
the interquartile range ( iqr ) is a number that indicates how spread out scores are and tells us what the range is in the middle of a set of scores . the interquartile range is not sensitive to outliers ( scores that are much higher or much lower than the other scores ) as it eliminates them . it is calculated as the range of the middle half of the scores . the scores are divided into four equal parts , separated by the quartiles formula_1 and formula_2 , after the scores have been arranged in ascending ( becoming bigger as you go further ) order . the second quartile formula_3 is also known as the median . the interquartile range iqr is then defined as :
kelowna is a city in british columbia , canada . it is on okanagan lake in the okanagan valley . the name " kelowna " comes from the okanagan word for " grizzly bear " . kelowna is the 22nd largest metropolitan area in canada . in 2011 , it had a population of 179,839 . the communities nearby include the district municipality of west kelowna ( also called westbank , westside ) to the west across okanagan lake . lake country and vernon are to the north . peachland is to the southwest and summerland and penticton further south.kelowna is also sometimes called " ktown " for short .
arsène lupin is a fictional character who appears in a book series of crime fiction novels written by french writer maurice leblanc , as well as a number of sequels and movie , television , stage play and comic book adaptations.he made his debut in july 1905 in his first series , " l'arrestation d'arsène lupin " ( ) . the adventure of this bold thief earns a controversial reputation — the rage or fury of police officers who keep missing him on the scene of robbery , and even in the jail , and the admiration from citizens who love to check up on the newspapers to see if there 's any article about his great robberies . lupin is portrayed as patriotic , romantic , audacious , self - respecting , and respectful to women .
a brief history of time ( 1988 ) is a book written by the scientist and mathematician stephen hawking . the subject of the book is cosmology , the story of the universe.there are two other versions of this book : the " illustrated a brief history of time " and " a briefer history of time " . the illustrated a brief history of time has pictures to help explain its ideas . it was also updated because new information was found . a briefer history of time is shorter than the first version and was also updated.this book is very popular and well - known . this book was on the " london sunday times " bestseller list for over 4 years .
the christian right ( known as the religious right in the united states ) is the name for right - wing christian political and social movements . they also exist in other countries , such as canada . however , the term is most often used in the united states . these groups have a strong support of conservative social and political ideas . usually , this comes from a belief that the united states was founded on a strong belief in god . it also come from a belief that american laws and policies should be based on what is in the bible . members of the christian right can be from any branch of christianity , including catholicism . however , the religious right is most often used with evangelical christians , fundamentalists ( such as born - agains ) and mormons . about 15 % of americans say they are part of the christian or religious right.people who have been conservative due to their religion have been in the united states for hundreds of years . for example , the people who put john scopes on trial would later be called members of the religious right . however , the term first came into use in the 1970s . jerry falwell was one of the first people to use it . he and others felt that the country and its institutions ( such as schools and colleges ) were run by left - wing intellectuals who did not believe in god . they thought that in reality most people believed in god and did not care for left - wing intellectuals . the fight between left - wing intellectuals and the religious right is often called the " culture wars " . presidents ronald reagan , george h. w. bush and donald trump were elected in part due to support from the religious right.as well as the christian right , there is something called the christian left . however , it is not as well - known or powerful .
hasbro is an american toy company . it is one of the biggest toy makers in the world ( including board games ) , only mattel is larger . hasbro also makes " monopoly " , a popular board game . their main office is in pawtucket , rhode island , united states . the company is best known for their popular 1990 's electronic audio game bop it , which got re-designed in 2008 with a series of designs which one is released each year . hasbro has also joined up with many other companies such as tiger electronics who made the following audio games : brain warp , brain bash , brain shift and bogoey ball . they also make a popular memory game called simon which involves memorizing flashing lights and sounds . the game simon swipe was released in 2014 and was copyrighted in 2013 . there is also a micro series version that was released in 2014 .
maarit kristiina feldt - ranta ( 26 april 1968 – 27 november 2019 ) was a finnish politician . she represented the social democratic party of finland . she had represented the electoral district of uusimaa in the parliament of finland from march 2007 through april 2019 . in 2017 , she was elected as the vice-chair of the party . feldt - ranta was born in karis , finland.in january 2019 , feldt - ranta announced her retirement because she was re-diagnosed with stomach cancer . in may , she stopped treatment . she died six months later on 27 november from the disease at the age of 51 .
a lesson in school is a planned period of time for learning . it involves one or more students being taught by a teacher . a " lesson " may be either one section of a textbook or a short period of time during which learners are taught about a subject or taught how to perform an activity . " lessons " are generally taught in a classroom but may instead take place in a situated learning environment.also , a lesson also means a learner learning something he did not know before . such a " lesson " can be either planned or accidental , enjoyable or painful . the slang phrase " to teach someone a " lesson " " , means to punish or scold a person for a mistake they have made making sure that he does not make the same mistake again.lessons can also be made entertaining . when the term education is combined with entertainment , it is called " edutainment " .
the zodiac killer or zodiac was a serial killer who operated in northern california from at least the late 1960s to the early 1970s . the killer 's identity remains unknown . the zodiac murdered victims in benicia , vallejo , lake berryessa , and san francisco between december 1968 and october 1969 . four men and three women between the ages of 16 and 29 were targeted . the killer originated the name " zodiac " in a series of taunting letters sent to the local bay area press . these letters included four cryptograms ( or ciphers ) . of the four cryptograms sent , only one has been definitively solved.suspects have been named by law enforcement and amateur investigators , mainly led by dave toschi , but no conclusive evidence has surfaced . the san francisco police department ( sfpd ) marked the case " inactive " in april 2004 , but re-opened it at some point prior to march 2007 . the case also remains open in the city of vallejo , as well as in napa county and solano county . the california department of justice has maintained an open case file on the zodiac murders since 1969 .
mugen motorsports ( m - tec co. , ltd ) ( ) is a japanese company . it was formed in 1973 by hirotoshi honda and masao kimura . hirotoshi honda is the son of honda motor company founder soichiro honda . mugen is an engine tuner ( performance improvement ) and parts builder . they are closely linked with honda . mugen has never been owned by honda . mugen means " without limit " , or " unlimited " . it is common to placed word " power " after mugen to say " unlimited power " . the company tunes and races honda vehicles in the super gt championship . they also sell parts to amateur racers . mugen was involved in formula 3000 championships in 1990 and 1991 . this led mugen to join formula one . they supplied engines from 1992 to 2000 . they also supplied the only engines for formula nippon from 1996 until 2005 .
the corn snake ( " pantherophis guttatus " ) is a north american species of rat snake that kills small prey by constriction.corn snakes are found throughout the southeastern and central united states . they are often kept as pets . they reach a moderate size of . in the wild , they usually live around 6 – 8 years , but in captivity can live to be up to 23 years old or longer.corn snakes look similar to the venomous copperhead snake and are often killed because of this similarity . corn snakes are harmless and beneficial to humans . they are one of the most common snakes kept as pets , alongside the garter snake and ball python . corn snakes lack venom and help control populations of wild rodent pests that damage crops and spread disease . they can be distinguished from copperheads by their brighter colors , slender build and lack of heat - sensing pits.although the corn snake is distinguished by its bright red orange colored scales , possible mutations can occur completely rejecting these pigments , changing its appearance . the two - color mutations that are known to occur is albinism and anerythrism . snakes that are homozygous for albinism lack the black pigment , and the ones that are homozygous for anerythrism lack the red pigment.the corn snake is named for the species ' regular presence near grain stores , where it preys on mice and rats that eat harvested corn . the " oxford english dictionary " cites this usage as far back as 1675 . some sources maintain that the corn snake is so - named because the distinctive , nearly - checkered pattern of the snake 's belly scales resembles the kernels of variegated corn . regardless of the name 's origin , the corn reference can be a useful mnemonic for identifying them . their diet in the wild mainly consists of rodents , small amphibians , birds and / or their eggs , other types of eggs , and so on . they 're not known for eating insects , though . in captivity they 're usually fed a steady diet of pinky mice and other types of creatures such as the ones above .
capybara ( " hydrochoerus hydrochaeris " ) is a semi-aquatic rodent of south america . it weighs about a hundred pounds , and is about two feet tall at the shoulder . the capybara is the world 's largest rodent.capybaras are closely related to guinea pigs and to chinchillas . when they are full - grown , they weigh about 55 kg , or 100 pounds . the capybara 's stocky body is about a meter , or 3 feet , long , and its shoulder is about 60 centimeters , or about two feet , high off the ground . females are usually bigger and heavier than males . capybaras have brown or reddish - brown fur . when they are old their fur is thin , their skin can get sunburned easily . their eyes and ears and nostrils are high on their heads , so they can easily be kept above water when the capybara is swimming .
duchess louise of mecklenburg - strelitz ( german : " luise auguste wilhelmine amalie herzogin zu mecklenburg " ; 10 march 1776 – 19 july 1810 ) was queen consort of prussia as the wife of king frederick william iii.after her husband 's ascension , louise developed many ties to senior ministers and became a powerful figure within the government as she began to command universal respect and affection . the queen always tried to stay informed of political developments at court , and from the very beginning of his reign the new king consulted louise on matters of state.though prussia had not fought in a war since 1795 , its military leaders were confident that they could win against napoleon 's troops . after a small incident concerning an anti-french pamphlet occurred , king frederick william was finally pressured by his wife and family to break off his uneasy peace and enter the war against the french emperor . prussian troops began mobilizing , culminating in the october 1806 battle of jena - auerstedt , which was a disaster for prussia , as the ability of its armed forces to continue the war were effectively wiped out . the king and queen had accompanied their troops into battle at jena ( with louise apparently dressed " like an amazon " ) , but had to flee from french troops.napoleon himself occupied berlin , and the king , queen and the rest of the royal family had to flee , despite louise 's illness , in the dead of winter to königsberg in the easternmost part of the kingdom . on the journey there , there was no food or clean water , and the king and queen were forced to share the same sleeping arrangements in " one of the wretched barns they call houses " , according to one witness traveling with them.napoleon demanded , from a highly superior position , peace terms in what was to be called the peace of tilsit ( 1807 ) . in the midst of these negotiations , the emperor agreed to keep half of prussia intact . louise reluctantly agreed to meet the emperor at tilsit , but only to save " her prussia . " she tried to use her beauty and charm to flatter him into more favorable terms . before she had called him " the monster " , but now she made a request for a private interview with the emperor . she threw herself at his feet ; napoleon was impressed by her grace and determination , but he refused to make any concessions . queen louise 's efforts to protect her adopted country from french aggression became well admired by future generations.on 19 july 1810 , the queen died in her husband 's arms from an unidentified illness . the queen 's subjects attributed the french occupation as the cause of her early death . louise 's death left her husband alone during a period of great difficulty , as the napoleonic wars and need for reform continued . napoleon remarked the king " has lost his best minister . "
sandpipers are a large family of waders or shorebirds , the scolopacidae . they include many species called sandpipers , as well as those called by names such as curlew and snipe . most species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil . different lengths of bills allow different species to feed in the same habitat on the coast without direct competition for food.sandpipers have long bodies and legs , and narrow wings . most species have a narrow bill , but otherwise the form and length are quite variable . they are small to medium sized birds , measuring cm in length . the bills are sensitive , allowing the birds to feel the mud and sand as they probe for food . they generally have dull plumage , with cryptic brown , grey , or streaked patterns , although some display brighter colours during the breeding season.most species nest in open areas , and defend their territories with aerial displays . the nest itself is a simple scrape in the ground , in which the bird usually lays three or four eggs . the young of most species are precocial .
abdullah hamid ali al - hamid ( ) or abu bilal ( 12 july 1950 – 24 april 2020 ) was a saudi poet , arabic professor , human rights activist and a co-founder of the saudi civil and political rights association ( acpra ) . he was in prison many times for supporting the creation of a constitutional monarchy in saudi arabia . he was born in buraidah , saudi arabia.in 2018 , he was awarded the right livelihood award , together with other jailed activists and waleed abulkhair for " their visionary and courageous efforts , guided by universal human rights principles , to reform the totalitarian political system in saudi arabia . " al - hamid was hospitalized after being electrocuted while in prison in riyadh on 9 april 2020 . he died of a stroke while in a coma on 24 april 2020 , aged 69 .
the american lacrosse conference ( alc ) was a group of colleges and universities in the eastern half of the united states that played ncaa division i women 's lacrosse against one another each season . women 's lacrosse was the only sport that this conference ever played — all members were ( and still are ) in other conferences for other sports . the conference champion earned a spot in the ncaa division i women 's lacrosse tournament.the alc was founded in 2001 by seven schools , with play starting in 2002 . nine schools were members at one time or another , but no more than seven played in any season . the conference folded after the 2014 season , mainly because the big ten conference , home to four of the alc 's final seven members , planned to start a women 's lacrosse league in the 2015 season .
vladimir konstantinovich bukovsky ( ; 30 december 1942 – 27 october 2019 ) was a russian - born british human rights activist and writer.from the late 1950s to the mid-1970s , he was a known figure in the soviet dissident movement . he spent a total of twelve years in the psychiatric prison - hospitals , labour camps , and prisons of the soviet union.he was a member of the international advisory council of the victims of communism memorial foundation , a director of the gratitude fund ( set up in 1998 to commemorate and support former dissidents ) , and a member of the international council of the new york city - based human rights foundation.in 2001 , bukovsky received the truman - reagan medal of freedom.in may 2007 , bukovsky announced his plans to run as candidate for president in the may 2008 russian presidential election . on 16 december 2007 , bukovsky was officially nominated to run against dmitry medvedev and other candidates.bukovsky died on 27 october 2019 at a hospital in cambridge , cambridgeshire from heart failure at the age of 76 .
gnetum is a group of plants . it is the only group of plants found in gnetaceae . they are gymnosperms , meaning their seeds are " naked " and not covered unlike flowering plants.plants in " gnetum " are evergreen . most of them are woody vines , but some are big enough to be trees . they are found in warmer , tropical regions of the world . some types , like " gnetum oxycarpum " , are in danger of dying out , because they only live in small areas and the forest that they grow on is being turned into land for farming . " gnetum " is part of a very old group of plants , called gnetophyta . " gnetum " may have been one of the first plants to be pollinated by insects , with other members of this group , known as " ephedra " and " welwitschia " .
abrictosaurus was a heterodontosaurid dinosaur from the lower jurassic of what is now southern africa . it was a small bipedal herbivore or omnivore , about 1.2 meters ( 4 feet ) long , and weighing less than 45 kilograms ( 100 pounds ) . " abrictosaurus " is usually thought to be the most basal member of the family heterodontosauridae . " lycorhinus " and " heterodontosaurus " both had high - crowned cheek teeth , which went over each other in the jaw , making a continuous chewing surface analogous to those of cretaceous hadrosaurids . " abrictosaurus " had more widely - split cheek teeth , with lower crowns , more similar to other early ornithischians.the family as a whole has canine - like tusks . tusks were clearly present on one of the two specimens of " abrictosaurus " . the upper caniniform measured 10.5 millimeters ( 0.4 inches ) high , while the lower reached 17 mm ( 0.67 in ) . " abrictosaurus " had smaller , less powerful forelimbs than " heterodontosaurus " and one fewer phalanx bone ( finger joint ) in both the fourth and fifth digits of the forelimb .
the 1944 summer olympics , officially known as the games of the xiii olympiad , were not held.the games were cancelled because of world war ii . they would have been held in london , england , which won the bid in the june 1939 international olympic committee election , over rome , detroit , lausanne , athens , budapest , helsinki and montreal.london hosted the next olympic games , the 1948 summer olympics , awarded without an election.in spite of the war , the ioc had many events at its headquarters in lausanne , switzerland to celebrate its 50th anniversary . these events happened on 17 june to 19 june 1944 and were called " the jubilee celebrations of ioc " by carl diem , the man who began the modern tradition of the olympic torch relay.polish pows in the woldenberg ( dobiegniew ) oflag ii - c pow camp were granted permission by their nazi captors to have an unofficial " pow olympics " in 1944 , showing that the olympic spirit can survive even during war .
bc place is a sports stadium in vancouver , british columbia . the arena opened on june 19 , 1983 , and is the current home to the bc lions of the canadian football league and the vancouver whitecaps fc of major league soccer.the stadium was originally built for the expo 86 which was held in vancouver . until may 4 , 2010 , the stadium was the world 's largest air - supported domed stadium . it was deflated and replaced with a retractable roof . the vancouver whitecaps of the north american soccer league played in the arena from 1983 to 1984 . there have been 8 grey cup championship games held in bc place in 1983 , 1986 , 1987 , 1990 , 1994 , 1999 , 2005 , and 2011 . the vancouver nighthawks of the world basketball league played in the stadium for their 1988 season.the stadium hosted the opening and closing ceremonies of the xxi olympic winter games and the opening ceremonies of the x paralympic winter games . the stadium is set to host the 2015 fifa women 's world cup final game .
carbapenems are a class of antibiotics which act against a wide range of bacteria . their structure is difficult for bacterial enzymes to break down . they were originally developed from a product of " streptomyces cattleya " . carbapenems are one of the " antibiotics of last resort " for many bacterial infections , such as " escherichia coli " ( " e. coli " ) and " klebsiella pneumoniae " . recently , alarm has been raised about an " indian superbug " . this is a strain resistant to carapenems , which was discovered in delhi . this strain produces an enzyme which chops up the antibiotic molecule.at present there are no new antibiotics in development to replace carbapenems . however , some older antibiotics may treat bacteria that are resistant to carbapenems .
the barents sea is a marginal sea of the arctic ocean . it is north of norway and russia . it was called the murman sea in the middle ages . the new name is from the dutch navigator willem barents . it is a rather deep shelf sea . the average depth is and maximum depth is . it is bordered by the norwegian sea in the west , the islands of svalbard ( norway ) in the northwest , and the islands of franz josef land and novaya zemlya in the northeast and east . novaya zemlya separates the kara sea from the barents sea . a lot of fossil fuel energy resources are in the barents sea area .
the pakistan movement ( also called tehrik - e-pakistan , ) was a political movement which was active during the first half of the 20th century . at that time , british india belonged to great britain . in british india , most people were hindu , or muslim . the people who made the movement feared they would lose their liberty when the english left . they therefore wanted to create a separate state . this struggle was organised by the all india muslim league party and resulted in the partition of the british empire in india . the movement was led by quaid - e-azam muhammad ali jinnah . other important leaders were nawab muhammad ismail khan , raja amir ahmed khan of mahmudabad , sir sikandar hayat khan , nawabzada liaquat ali khan , fatimah jinnah , amjadi bano begum , sir abdullah haroon , khawaja nazimuddin , huseyn shaheed suhrawardy , sardar shaukat hayat khan , chaudhry khaliquzzaman , a.k . fazlul huq , aurangzeb khan , qazi muhammad isa and abdur rab nishtar
the sea of monsters is a fantasy - adventure novel based on greek mythology . it was written by rick riordan and published in 2006 . it is the second novel in the " percy jackson & the olympians " series and is the sequel to " the lightning thief " . this book is about the adventures of thirteen - year - old demigod percy jackson . it describes how he and his friends rescue his satyr friend grover from the cyclops polyphemus . they also save camp half - blood , a summer camp for demigods , from a titan attack . they bring the golden fleece from polyphemus ' island which cures thalia 's poisoned pine tree , that protected the camp . " the sea of monsters " received good reviews and was nominated for many awards such as the 2006 book sense top ten summer pick and the 2009 mark twain award . it sold over 100,000 copies in paperback . it was released as an audiobook on september 6 , 2006 . " the sea of monsters " is followed by " the titan 's curse " , which is the third book of the five in the series .
jw - jones ( born july 15 , 1980 in ottawa ) is a canadian blues guitarist , singer and songwriter . jones was the first artist signed to the northernblues music label in toronto . he released his first six recordings with the label . he still records for crosscut records in europe , and has previously worked with ruf records in united states . in the last decade , he has released seven albums and played in 19 countries , four continents . he continues to tour extensively . jones lives who lives in ottawa , ontario . he has performed at blues festivals , theatres and clubs in canada , the united states , europe , russia , australia , and brazil.jones ' third album with his band , " my kind of evil " ( 2004 ) , was produced by kim wilson ( singer for the fabulous thunderbirds ) . it includes vocals from colin james on two tracks , and roxanne potvin on one . songs from the album have been played on house of blues radio hour . music reviewer brad wheeler from canada 's " globe and mail " newspaper praised the " graceful ability he ( jones ) shows on guitar " in the album . wheeler stated that " ... the ottawa player makes retro moves , layering swinging blues with keyboards and very noticeable horns that never dominate the fine - lined fills and lead work . " the allmusic review of " my kind of evil " , by chris nickson , states that " he 's very good on covers , such as " i do n't know " , but his own songs — the vast majority of this disc — have plenty of life . " in may 2009 , jones ' song " parasomnia " appeared on a " guitar world " featured cd , " guitar masters vol . 2 " . other artists on the cd were b . b . king , jimmy page , jeff beck , and carlos santana . the " globe and mail " referred to jones as " one of this country 's top blues guitar stars " . the " blues revue magazine " stated that jones ' guitar playing is like t - bone walker 's guitar playing . the review said that jw - jones plays solo melodies like johnny " guitar " watson , and that his guitar playing is like clarence " gatemouth " brown . " billboard " called jones part of " a new wave of young talent moving onto canada ’s blues stage . "
mission hills is an urban residential community of the san fernando valley , within the city of los angeles , california.it is near the northern junction of the golden state freeway ( i - 5 ) and the san diego freeway ( i - 405 ) . the ronald reagan freeway ( sr - 118 ) runs through it . mission hills is at the northern end of the long sepulveda boulevard . other main roads are san fernando mission boulevard , woodman avenue , and rinaldi , brand , chatsworth , devonshire , and lassen streets . the boundaries are roughly sepulveda blvd and interstate 405 to the west , interstate 5 to the north and east , van nuys boulevard to the southeast , and lassen street to the south . the granada hills community lies to the west , sylmar to the north , the city of san fernando to the northeast , pacoima to the east , arleta to the southeast , and panorama city to the south.the community is named for the nearby spanish mission san fernando rey de españa of 1784 . the andrés pico adobe , the second oldest residence still standing in los angeles , is there . the san fernando mission cemetery , located a short distance away , is one of the oldest active cemeteries within the san fernando valley .
docetism is an early christian teaching that says that jesus only appeared to have a human body . the term comes from " dokein " : " to seem " . early gnostics , whose teachings began to threaten christian doctrine and theology , believed all matter was unclean . for this reason , christ could not have a physical body , as he was seen as the eternal logos.today , it is unclear where this teaching came from . it might have been influenced by the teachings of plato . plato taught that only ideas mattered and that matter itself was inferior.many gnostic teachings are docetic . for a long time , people believed that docetism and gnosticism were developed together . this is however not the case , there are also some gnostic systems that are not docetic , as well as some docetic systems that are not gnostic.today , most christian theologians see docetism as a heresy .
françois legault ( ; born may 26 , 1957 ) is a canadian politician and businessman . he is the 32nd and current premier of quebec since 2018 . he has been leader of the coalition avenir québec ( caq ) party since its founding in 2011 . he was the co-founder of the canadian airline air transat.legault was a member of the national assembly of quebec from 1998 to 2009 . during this time , he was a part of the parti québécois ( pq ) . he was a cabinet minister while lucien bouchard and bernard landry were premier . he was elected in the 1998 , 2003 , 2007 , and 2008 elections . he did not run for election again in 2009 , and stopped being a member of the national assembly that year . as a part of the caq , he became a member of the national assembly again after the 2012 provincial election .
daniel alfredsson ( born 11 december 1972 ) is a swedish retired professional ice hockey right winger . he played a career total of 18 years in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he played for the ottawa senators and the detroit red wings . he is best known for being the captain of the senators from 1999 – 2013 . he also played in the elitserien with frölunda hc.before playing in the nhl , alfredsson played 3 seasons in the swedish elite league with frölunda hc . he was selected by the senators with the 133rd overall pick in the 1994 nhl draft . alfredsson won the calder memorial trophy in 1996 . he returned to play for frölunda hc for 15 games during the 2004 – 05 nhl lockout . he played for the ottawa senators for 17 seasons and served as their captain from 1999 to 2013 . on july 5 , 2013 , alfredsson signed a one - year , $ 5.5 million contract with the detroit red wings.on december 4 , 2014 , alfredsson decided to sign a one - day contract to officially retire as a member of the ottawa senators.he played for the sweden men 's national ice hockey team and won the gold medal with them during the 2006 winter olympics . he also won a silver medal with the team at the 2014 winter olympics .
a honey bee ( or honeybee ) is any bee that is a member of the genus apis . they produce and store honey and make perennial , colonial nests from wax . they are in contrast with the stingless honey bee.honey bees are the only living members of the tribe apini , all in the genus " apis " . there are only seven species of honey bee , with a total of 44 subspecies . historically , from six to eleven species have been recognized.honey bees are only a small fraction of the roughly 20,000 known species of bees . some other types of related bees produce and store honey , but only members of the genus " apis " are true honey bees . the study of honey bees is known as ' melittology ' . the first " apis " bees appear in the fossil record at the eocene – oligocene boundary ( 34 million years ago ( mya ) ) , in european deposits . this shows that the bees were present in europe by that time . few fossil deposits are known from south asia , the suspected region of honey bee origin.no " apis " species existed in the new world during human times before the introduction of " a. mellifera " by europeans . only one fossil species is known , a single 14 - million - year - old specimen from nevada.the close relatives of modern honey bees – bumblebees and stingless bees – are also social to some degree ,
george dewey cukor ( july 7 , 1899 – january 24 , 1983 ) was an american movie director . he made many comedy movies and movies based on books . cukor directed several of rko 's most important movies such as " little women " ( 1933 ) . at mgm he directed " dinner at eight " ( 1933 ) , " david copperfield " ( 1935 ) " romeo and juliet " ( 1936 ) and " camille " ( 1936 ) . he went on to direct " the philadelphia story " ( 1940 ) , " adam 's rib " ( 1949 ) , " born yesterday " ( 1950 ) , " a star is born " ( 1954 ) and " my fair lady " ( 1964 ) . he continued to work into the 1980s . he was born in new york city and died in los angeles , california .
romance is a feeling of excitement and mystery associated with love . in relationships , it involves a strong emotional attraction towards the other person . a romantic relationship focuses on feelings rather than sex . romantic love is the opposite of platonic love.romance is often strongest at the beginning of relationships . it comes with uncertainty and anxiety that the love may not be returned.an example of love is that of carla , for quinten , as she loves him most.the modern concept of romantic love comes from the medieval ideals of chivalry , as set out in its chivalric romance literature . it was made popular in western culture by the concept of courtly love . knights were often said to have had intimate relationships with the noble ladies they served . these relationships were usually not physical . since marriage was commonly just a formal arrangement without love , courtly love allowed women to be emotionally intimate with a man.romance is a major theme found in art , particularly literature and fiction . it is often found in fairy tales , women 's fiction and the writings of people like william shakespeare .
a metamorphic rock is a type of rock which has been changed by extreme heat and pressure . its name is from ' morph ' ( meaning form ) , and ' meta ' ( meaning change ) . the original rock gets heated ( temperatures greater than 150 to 200 ° c ) and pressured ( 1500 bars ) . this causes profound physical and / or chemical change . the original rock may be sedimentary rock , igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock.there is always more pressure and higher temperature under the earth 's surface . in the root of a mountain chain or a volcano these forces will be enough to change shape of the strata and the minerals it is made of . sedimentary rock which has been near such forces often looks as if a giant had twisted it and heated it over a fire . examples of metamorphic rock : the recrystallisation of minerals after heating generally causes the destruction of any fossils the rocks might have contained . these rocks are formed when igneous or sedimentary rocks are subjected to extreme heat and pressure as result they undergo a complete change in their form and characteristics . such form rocks are called metamorphic rocks .
royal rumble ( 2009 ) was a wrestling pay - per - view ( ppv ) made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) . it took place in detroit , michigan at the joe louis arena . the event was held on january 22 , 2009 . the event had the 22nd annual royal rumble match as the main event , which randy orton won . one of the matches was jeff hardy defending his wwe championship against edge . another was john cena defending his world heavyweight championship against john " bradshaw " layfield with his employee shawn michaels . a third match was jack swagger defending his ecw championship against matt hardy . the last match was beth phoenix defending her wwe women 's championship against melina .450,000 paid to see the event . this was down from 533,000 the year before .
bell canada ( commonly referred to as just bell ) is a canadian telecommunications company . it is headquartered in montreal , quebec . it is the local exchange carrier for telephone and dsl internet in most of canada east of saskatchewan . it also serves canada 's northern territories.its related company , bell aliant , provides services in atlantic canada . it provides mobile service through its bell mobility division . it also provides television through its bell tv and bell fibe tv operations.bell canada was established on april 29 , 1880 . bell canada was originally known as the bell telephone company of canada . but in march 1968 , the name was shortened to " bell canada " . the company also owns bell media . bell media has mass media properties , including the ctv television network . it also has significant interests in the montreal canadiens ice hockey club and maple leaf sports & entertainment.bell canada is one of the main assets of the holding company bce inc. ( bell canada enterprises ) . bce ranked at # 262 on the 2011 edition of the forbes global 2000 list .
alessia caracciolo ( born july 11 , 1996 ) , known professionally as alessia cara , is a canadian singer and songwriter . she is best known for her hit songs " here " and " wild things " . cara 's singing style has been compared to that of norah jones and adina howard.cara released her first single " here " in april 2015 . the following single , " scars to your beautiful " , was released from her first studio album , " know - it - all " . she collaborated with german dj zedd on the song " stay " . " stay " , " here " , and " scars to your beautiful " all reached the top ten in the us and topped the us mainstream top 40 radio chart.in 2018 , she won the grammy award for best new artist , one of the " big four " awards .
poverty means not having enough money for basic needs such as food , drinking water , shelter , or toileteries . many people in different countries live in poverty , especially in developing areas of west and sub-saharan africa , latin america and some parts of asia.there are different ways to measure poverty . the world bank says that " extreme poverty " is when someone has less than us $ 1 a day to live on ( that dollar is an ideal one ) . it has been changed to rule out certain effects such as inflation , meaning that prices of things rise higher than what a person is paid , and other price level differences . " moderate poverty " is when people have to live on less than $ 2 a day . in the year 2001 , 1.1 billion people were seen as " extremely poor " , and 2.7 billion were seen as " moderately poor " . in the developed world this does not apply . there , many people are seen as the " working poor " . they have a job , but do not earn enough money for basic things such as food and a home . in most developed countries , people without jobs receive money from the government , but this is often less than they need for a comfortable life.there are different ways to tell if a country is rich or poor . the gross domestic product , or gdp , and human development index , or hdi , are two of those measures . gross domestic product is the money made from trade from inside the country.hdi , meaning the human development index is a different matter . it is determined by life expectancy and adult literacy rates . places in africa like guinea - bissau and sierra leone are the poorest , with sierra leone having the lowest hdi ranking in the world.poverty is a hurdle in the way of a country 's progress . one way of helping lower poverty is by educating poor people so that they can start contributing to a nation 's economic development . education teaches the poor about their rights and may show them the path to become an important part of the growth and expansion of the country . vienna declaration also tells this fact.one of the most important things that is needed to make a country richer is for the government to want to help poor people do better . without this , it is hard for people to become better off . “ the poor are starving and their hunger keeps them in poverty . ” a quote from nathan jones
groupers are large fish of the perch type . they are genera in the subfamily epinephelinae.groupers and the sea basses are in the family serranidae . most groupers are in one of two large genera : " epinephelus " and " mycteroperca " . also , species in the small genera " anyperidon " , " cromileptes " , " dermatolepis " , " gracila " , " saloptia " , and " triso " are also called groupers . fish in the genus " plectropomus " are referred to as coral groupers . these genera are all in the subfamily epiphelinae.sometimes other fish have common names with the word " grouper " . nonetheless , " grouper " on its own is usually taken to mean the subfamily epinephelinae.groupers and octopuses often work together to catch prey on coral reefs .
oil from ships and oil tankers can spill onto the sea water and pollute the water . oil poisons and harms the aquatic organisms and sea birds . the fur of sea mammals and the feathers of sea birds can be damaged by the oil . the animals may suffer , and the effect may be fatal for them . when birds get soaked in oil they ca n't fly and they ca n't go in water.the pollution of the environment with crude or mineral oil or their by - products is called an oil spill . most often the term is used for marine environments , where coasts , lakes , rivers and oceans are polluted . there are three main ways to combat such pollution once it has occurred : an oil spill can not only affect the coasts , lakes , rivers and oceans but also the environment and the ecosystems . many animals could get injured and later die without help . also all the vegetation could be affected by the oil .
panic attacks are sudden periods of very bad anxiety . along with feeling very scared , people with panic attacks usually have physical symptoms . these symptoms are not dangerous . however , they can make a person feel terrible for a short time . having a panic attack is often terrifying and very upsetting . many people who have a panic attack for the first time call the emergency services because they think they are having a heart attack or a nervous breakdown.though panic attacks make people feel terrible , they are not dangerous . usually , the worst symptoms are over in ten minutes or less . however , some panic attacks can be as short as one to five minutes.panic attacks can happen in people with all kinds of mental illnesses . they can also happen in people who have no mental illness , but have just had something very bad happen to them .
the parallel port ( also known as a printer port or centronics port ) is a type of interface found on computers for connecting various peripherals . a parallel port is a type of interface found on computers ( personal and otherwise ) for connecting peripherals . in computing , a parallel port is a parallel communication physical interface . it was a de facto industry standard for many years , and was finally standardized as ieee 1284 in the late 1990s , which defined a bi-directional version of the port.the parallel port interface was originally known as the parallel printer adapter on ibm pc - compatible computers . it was primarily designed to operate a line printer that used ibm 's 8 - bit extended ascii character set to print text , but could also be used to adapt other peripherals . graphical printers , along with a host of other devices , have been designed to communicate with the system.in the 21st century , the parallel port interface is seeing decreasing use because of the rise of universal serial bus ( usb ) and firewire ( ieee 1394 ) devices , along with network printing using ethernet .
jean harlow ( born harlean harlow carpenter ; march 3 , 1911 — june 7 , 1937 ) was an american actress and sex symbol of the 1930s . harlow was born on september 27 , 1927 in kansas city , missouri . she studied at miss barstow 's finishing school for girls in kansas city . harlow was married to charles mcgrew in 1927 . they divorced in 1930 . on july 2 , 1932 she married paul bern . on september 5 , 1932 , bern committed suicide . on september 13 , 1933 she married harold rosson . they divorced on march 11 , 1934 . she had no children . she died at the age 26 from renal failure on june 7 , 1937 in los angeles , california .
the saint petersburg philharmonic orchestra is an orchestra based in saint petersburg in russia . it is the oldest orchestra in russia . it has had several changes of name because of the way that russia has often changed.the orchestra started in 1882 . it was then called the " imperial music choir " . it was the orchestra that belonged to the emperor and it played privately for the court of alexander iii of russia.by the 1900s it had started to give public performances . richard strauss conducted the orchestra in 1912 . after the russian revolution the country no longer had a tsar . the town of saint petersburg changed its name to petrograd , so the orchestra 's name changed to " state philharmonic orchestra of petrograd " . in the 1920s the orchestra began to get money from the state . it was an excellent orchestra and was famous abroad . guest conductors who conducted the orchestra included bruno walter , ernest ansermet and hans knappertsbusch at this time . around this time the orchestra changed its name to leningrad philharmonic orchestra , because the city had changed its name again , this time to " leningrad " . evgeny mravinsky conducted the orchestra for 50 years . they were not allowed to travel abroad , so they were only known outside russia ( the ussr ) by their gramophone recordings . symphony no 8 by shostakovich was one famous work of which they gave the first performance.by 1991 leningrad had changed its name again to saint petersburg , so the orchestra was renamed saint petersburg philharmonic orchestra . it is an internationally well - known orchestra . their conductor today is yuri temirkanov .
silicosis is a disease that is caused by small particles of silica ( glass ) getting trapped in the lungs . when people have silicosis , the changes in their body often are cyanosis ( when skin goes a blueish color ) , a fever , when the body gets hotter or being not able to breathe properly . sometimes doctors do not realize that someone has silicosis , and think that they have other illnesses like pneumonia , tuberculosis or fluid in the lungs.it was first noticed in 1705 by " bernardino ramazzini " ( an italian doctor ) . he saw something that looked like sand in the lungs of stonecutters . the name silicosis is from visconti in 1870 . the name comes from the latin " silex " which means flint .
syncopation is music which creates rhythmical variation . examples would be : " if a part of the measure ( bar ) that is usually unstressed is accented , the rhythm is considered to be syncopated " . more simply , syncopation is a general term for a disturbance or interruption of the regular flow of rhythm ; a placement of rhythmic stresses or accents where they would n't normally occur.syncopation is used in many musical styles , and is fundamental in black - influenced styles such as jazz , ragtime , cuban music , funk , ska , reggae , rap , jump blues , progressive rock , extreme metal , breakbeat , drum 'n' bass , dubstep amd minimalism . " all dance music makes use of syncopation and it 's often a vital element that helps tie the whole track together " . in the form of a back beat , syncopation is used in virtually all popular music.syncopation has been an important element of musical composition since at least the middle ages . for some musical styles , such as jazz and ragtime , syncopation is an essential part of their character .
the app store is an online market used on apple 's ios , managed by apple inc . the app store lets users view and download applications that were made with the ios software development kit . apps can be downloaded onto an ios device directly , or onto a computer using itunes ( also managed by apple ) . apps in the app store are made mainly for ios devices , such as iphones and ipads . some apps can be downloaded for free while others have a cost . some have " in - app purchases " , which are purchases made within the app . these are sometimes done to remove ads or to add features to an app . 30 % of all profit made through apps goes to apple , while 70 % goes to whoever made the app.apple ios 11 app store is the current eleventh major release of the ios mobile operating system developed by apple inc . it was announced and the first beta version released to developers at the company 's worldwide developers conference on june 5 , 2017 .
dachau concentration camp ( , ) was the first world war ii nazi concentration camp . it was built in 1933 by heinrich himmler . the original purpose was to hold political prisoners . dachau camp was located on the grounds of an old munitions factory . it was southeast of the medieval town of dachau , about northwest of munich in the state of bavaria , in southern germany.the camp 's purpose was enlarged to include forced labor and housed ordinary german and austrian criminals . eventually foreign nationals from countries that germany occupied or invaded were sent here . it became a death camp for jews . countless thousands of jews died were executed or died of starvation , disease or overwork . the dachau camp system grew to include nearly 100 sub-camps . these were mostly work camps or " arbeitskommandos , " and were located throughout southern germany and austria . the camps were liberated by u.s. forces in the spring of 1945 .
thixotropy is the property of certain gels or fluids that are viscous ( thick ) under normal conditions , but flow ( become thin , less viscous ) when shaken , agitated , or otherwise stressed.in more technical language : some non-newtonian fluids show a change in viscosity ; the longer the fluid undergoes shear stress , the lower its viscosity . a thixotropic fluid is a fluid which takes a finite time to attain equilibrium viscosity when introduced to a step change in shear rate . many gels and colloids are thixotropic materials , exhibiting a stable form at rest but becoming fluid when agitated.some fluids are anti-thixotropic : constant shear stress for a time causes an increase in viscosity or even solidification . constant shear stress can be applied by shaking or mixing . they are much less common .
in cryptography , key size or key length is the size ( measured in bits or bytes ) of the key used in a cryptographic algorithm ( such as a cipher ) . typical key sizes in modern symmetric ciphers are 128 , 192 , and 256 bits . older symmetric ciphers used only 40 , 56 , or 64 bits , which can be broken by brute force . 128 bits is considered secure against brute - force by traditional computers , but not quantum computers . 192 and 256 bit keys are considered quantum - safe , and aes keys of these lengths are approved for protecting top secret information . asymmetric ( public key ) ciphers such as rsa need a much longer key to be secure . rsa keys are typically at least 2048 bits . a large key size alone does not necessarily mean a cipher is secure - there are many insecure ciphers which have a large key size but have other design flaws that allow them to be broken .
jules henri poincaré ( 29 april 1854 – 17 july 1912 ) was a french mathematician and scientist . he was described as a " monster of mathematics " when still a child . many people think he was the last person to understand all branches of mathematics before the subject became too big for anyone to do this.he came from a clever family , his father was a professor of medicine and his cousin , raymond poincaré became president of france . he was sick as a child and for many years he had to be taught at home by his mother.he used his mathematical skills to look at some of the biggest problems in science in his day . he was the first person to describe in mathematical terms how three planets in orbit affect each others paths as they pass near by one another . this was called the three body problem . he also tried to understand why the speed of light seems to be the fastest speed at which anything can travel in the universe . in some ways he beat the famous scientist albert einstein to solving this question , but einstein gave a more complete answer . he gained fame for the discovery of the theory of relativity instead of poincaré.he created the poincaré conjecture , one of the most famous problems in mathematics which was only solved 100 years later . he began the branches of mathematics which are known today as chaos theory and topology.he also wrote about science in a simple way that ordinary people could understand .
eli lilly and company is an american global medication company . its headquarters are in indianapolis , indiana . the products of the company are sold in about 125 countries . the company was founded in 1876 . it was named after colonel eli lilly , a pharmaceutical chemist and american civil war veteran.eli lilly 's most important products before world war ii included diabetic insulin . one of the brand names they used for the insulin was iletin . in 2002 , eli lilly made more products for people with diabetes than any other company.eli lilly is the largest manufacturer and distributor of medications used for mental health issues . they make medications for bipolar disorder , clinical depression , generalized anxiety and others . one drug in this class is amytal . it is used mainly to help with sleep and anxiety .
arctic monkeys are an indie rock band from sheffield , england . arctic monkeys ' first album was " whatever people say i am , that 's what i 'm not " . it reached # 1 in the united kingdom album charts . over 300 thousand copies of the album were sold in the first week . this makes it the fasting selling first album by a band in british music history . it was nominated for best alternative album at the 2006 grammy awards . their second album , " favourite worst nightmare " was first released in japan on april 18 , 2007 . their third album , " humbug " was released in england on 24 august 2009 . in 2011 their fourth album " suck it and see " was released . " am " , the monkeys ' fifth album , was released 6 september 2013 . the members are :
dr. strangelove or : how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb ( better known as only dr. strangelove ) is a 1964 british - american black comedy movie directed and produced by stanley kubrick , and starring peter sellers.the story concerns an unhinged united states air force general , george c. scott as general buck turgidson . he orders a first strike nuclear attack on the soviet union . it follows the president , his advisers , the joint chiefs of staff , and a royal air force ( raf ) officer as they try to recall the bombers to prevent a nuclear apocalypse . it separately follows the crew of one b - 52 bomber as they try to deliver their payload.the key to the film is the acting of peter sellers , who played three main roles : during the movie 's ending , the world is blown up by a soviet deterrence weapon , the cobalt - thorium g " doomsday machine " , whose existence had not been announced . vera lynn 's recording of " we 'll meet again " is played as the world meets its end ( it was a famous song of world war ii ) . this is sometimes said to be a film of the book peter george 's thriller novel " red alert " ( 1958 ) . but in this book strangelove 's character does not appear . it seems the director stanley kubrick had intended to use ideas from the book , but as the film developed the influence of tragi - comedy and the genius of peter sellers changed its direction.in 1989 , the united states library of congress chose this movie to be kept in the national film registry . this means the movie will be protected from damage that happens to older film that was used to make movies .
severus snape is a character from j.k. rowling 's fictional book series harry potter.snape is the potions master at hogwarts in the series . he is also known to be a death eater but after voldemort started hunting james potter and lily j. potter , the woman snape had loved since he was a child , he asked albus dumbledore to find a safe place for the potters to hide because he knew voldemort wanted to kill their son , harry potter . as dumbledore was not able to save the potters , snape 's sorrow was extremely deep , he gained dumbledore 's trust . snape was loyal to dumbledore after this event . snape killed dumbledore in the sixth book on dumbledore 's request . voldemort believed snape killed him because voldemort had planned snape to do that . snape had let it slip in the third book that remus lupin was a werewolf.snape did n't kill himself after lily 's death only because of the promise that he made to dumbledore about protecting harry and the cause lily had died for . just before snape 's death in the seventh book snape asks harry to do a last thing for him , he asked harry to take his tears and put them in the pensive to discover snape ’s real story.the last thing snape 's eyes ever saw were lily 's green eyes . later , harry potter and ginny weasley named their youngest son after albus dumbledore and severus snape . harry confesses to his son albus severus that severus snape was the bravest man at slytherin house he ever knew even though while still at school , snape had been the teacher that harry had hated the most because of snape 's bad behaviour towards harry . snape was so mean to harry because of harry 's father , james potter , that had bullied snape while they were at hogwarts . snape was more than a cruel , heartless death eater but rather a brave and tragic victim to the perils of love in the reign of a power obsessed and heartless dictator.in all of the harry potter movies , snape is played by alan rickman .
tanah merah station ( ew4 / cg ) is an mrt station in bedok , singapore . it is along the east west mrt line.the station is situated between simei and bedok . it is a cross-platform interchange for trains heading towards changi airport . passengers going to expo or changi airport may board the train from platforms c and d. similar to other stations on the eastern section of the east west line , the station 's design consists of white - washed walls , curved pillars and a dome - shaped ceiling . exclusive to this station , there is a glass roof running along the middle of the station.tanah merah mrt is also officially assigned the station code " cg " , to differentiate the station 's operations on the main line and the changi airport branch line .
the 2020 twitter bitcoin scam was a large - scale hacking of twitter accounts that started on july 15 , 2020 at around 20:00 utc . many twitter accounts , each with millions of followers , were hacked to promote a bitcoin scam.the scam asked individuals to send bitcoin currency to a specific cryptocurrency wallet , with the promise that money sent would be doubled and returned.the perpetrators had gained access to twitter 's administrative tools so that they could alter the accounts themselves and post the tweets directly , with the access gained either possibly through paying off twitter employees to use the tool , or hacked an employee 's account to access the tool directly.the hacked accounts were those of : barack obama , joe biden , bill gates , jeff bezos , mrbeast , michael bloomberg , warren buffett , floyd mayweather jr. , kim kardashian , and kanye west , as well as companies like apple , uber , and cash app .
aarno erik raninen ( 27 april 1944 – 3 september 2014 ) was a finnish actor , singer - songwriter , musician , composer and screenwriter . he played the piano , violin and accordion . he composed , arranged and performed songs for many movies , television shows and television movies between 1972 and 2010 . he also acted in six movies between 1968 and 1998 . his final credit was the movie " if you love " ( 2010 ) . raninen was born in kotka , kymenlaakso . he moved to helsinki in 1966 for work.raninen died in a fire on 3 september 2014 at his home in tuusula , uusimaa . he was 70 . his death was ruled an accident .
george ledyard stebbins , jr ( 6 january 1906 – 19 january 2000 ) was an american botanist and geneticist . he was one of the leading evolutionary biologists of the 20th century . stebbins received his phd in botany from harvard university in 1931 . he went on to the university of california , berkeley , where his work led to a synthesis of plant evolution and genetics.his most important publication was " variation and evolution in plants " , which combined genetics and darwin 's theory of natural selection to describe plant speciation . it helped form the modern evolutionary synthesis , and still provides the framework for research in plant evolutionary biology . according to ernst mayr , " few later works dealing with the evolutionary systematics of plants have not been very deeply affected by stebbins ' work " . he also researched and wrote widely on the role of hybridization and polyploidy in speciation and plant evolution ; his work in this area has had a lasting influence on research in the field.stebbins was elected to the national academy of science , was awarded the national medal of science . he was involved in the development of evolution - based science programs for california high schools , as well as the conservation of rare plants in that state .
the animals were an english music group , who were most popular in the 1960s . they were known for their bluesy sound , and their heavy - voiced singer eric burdon.one of their first hit songs , " the house of the rising sun " , was an old american folk song , which they performed with a rock and roll beat . folk musician bob dylan was impressed by the animals version of the song.other animals hits included " we got ta get out of this place " , " do n't bring me down " , " it 's my life " , " see see rider " , " do n't let me be misunderstood " , and " i 'm crying " . the original animals disbanded , and burdon moved to the united states in 1967 , where he formed a new version of the band . they made more records , like " san franciscan nights " , " sky pilot " , " when i was young " , " paint it black " , " river deep mountain high " , " gratefully dead " and " monterey " . the original animals reunited in later years , to perform concerts , and burdon performed animals songs with other bands . bass guitarist chas chandler became a music producer , with artists like jimi hendrix and slade.keyboardist alan price left the band in early 1965 and went on an successful solo career in europe . guitar player hilton valentine and drummer john steel left the music business for many years until they reunited . john weider , guitar and violin player of the second animals went on an solo career and was a member of the rock band family . guitar player of the second animals vic briggs became antion vikram singh and released a few solo records including hawaiian music . lead singer eric burdon went on with the funk rock band war , formed the hard rock / heavy metal group the eric burdon band and went on an solo career with many ups and downs .
the british raj is a term of history . " raj " is a word of indian languages which means " rule " , so " british raj " means rule by the british in india . this rule was before 1947 and was over parts of what are now four countries , the republic of india , pakistan , bangladesh , and myanmar at that time , these four countries were all part of the british indian empire , known at the time as the indian empire and sometimes now spoken of as the " british raj " . the " british raj " is used to talk of the direct british rule over areas which had been conquered by the british , known as british india , and also the british influence over hundreds of independent " princely states " ruled by their own indian rulers , under the overall authority of the british crown.undivided india is another term which is used to mean the whole area of british rule , but it does not take in burma , which from 1937 was a british colony on its own . the colony of aden came under the same government in india from 1858 to 1937 , and so did british somaliland ( now part of somalia ) from 1884 to 1898 and singapore from 1858 to 1867 . british rule in pakistan and the east bengal region ended on 14 august 1947 , while british rule in the rest of what had been british india ended on 15 august 1947 , however the boundaries came into effect on the 18th of that month as two countries.jammu and kashmir , like the other princely states , had not been under direct british rule . india and pakistan have gone to war over this area , and it is now divided between them .
richmond is a suburb in melbourne , victoria , australia . it is only 3 km ( 2 miles ) south - east of melbourne 's business district . richmond 's population was 26,121 in the 2011 census.the older suburb has been rebuilt with more expensive houses and stores . this removal of run - down areas started in the early 1990s . richmond now has many homes for the wealthy that were once warehouses . there are also public housing high - rise flats for the poor and row houses from the victorian - era . there are also many shops , restaurants and bars.richmond has a popular active vietnamese living area along victoria street . the area is also well known for the illegal drug trade ( especially heroin ) that happens both in the streets and inside homes .
pachycephalosaurus was a genus of ornithischian dinosaur which lived during the last five million years of the upper cretaceous . it lived in what is now north america . " pachycephalosaurus " was a member of the pachycephalosaurid family . this dinosaur is only known from a single skull and a few extremely thick skull roofs . from this it is estimated that its length was about 4.5 to 5 metres long ( about 15 feet ) . it is the largest known pachycephalosaur.scientists do not yet know for sure what these dinosaurs ate . having very small , ridged teeth they could not have chewed tough , fibrous plants as effectively as other dinosaurs of the same period . it is assumed that pachycephalosaurs lived on a mixed diet of leaves , seeds , fruit and insects . the sharp , serrated teeth would have been very effective for shredding plants .
a cytotoxic t cell is a type of white blood cell . it is a t lymphocyte which kills cancer cells , cells infected with viruses , or cells that are damaged in other ways.most cytotoxic t cells have t - cell receptors ( tcrs ) which recognize a specific antigen from a cancer cell or virus.antigens inside a cell are brought to the surface of the cell by major histocompatibility complex molecules , where they can be recognized by the t cell . if the tcr is specific for that antigen , it binds to the complex of mhc molecule and antigen , and the t cell destroys the cell .
oliver burgess meredith ( november 16 , 1907 – september 9 , 1997 ) , or burgess meredith , was an american movie , television , stage , radio , voice actor , and director . he was known for his roles as the penguin in the 1960s television version of " batman " and as mickey goldmill some of the " rocky " movies . he won two saturn awards ( in 1978 and in 1981 ) , tony awards , and many emmy awards.meredith was born on november 16 , 1907 in cleveland , ohio . he studied at hoosac school and at amherst college . meredith was married to helen derby from 1933 until they divorced in 1935 . he was married to margaret perry from 1936 until they divorced in 1938 . he was married to paulette goddard from 1944 until they divorced in 1949 . he was married to kaja sundsten from 1950 until his death . meredith had cyclothymia . he died on september 9 , 1997 in malibu , california from alzheimer 's disease and melanoma , aged 89 .
pokémon x and y are two role - playing games ( rpgs ) in the " pokémon " series made by game freak for the nintendo 3ds . the games were announced by nintendo on january 8 , 2013 . they were released on october 12 , 2013 . " x and y " are the first ever 3d games in the main " pokémon " series.new starting pokémon were revealed in the announcement video for the game . the starters for " x and y " are the grass - type pokémon , chespin , the fire - type pokémon , fennekin , and the water - type pokémon , froakie . the announcement video also showed two new legendary pokémon , yveltal , a bird - like pokémon which has a shape kind of like the letter y , and xerneas , a deer - like pokémon which has x-shapes in its eyes . another pokémon , sylveon , is both a new eevee evolution and an entirely new type called the fairy - type , which is strong against dragon - type pokémon . some older pokémon , like jigglypuff , marill , and gardevoir , have also been changed to be part fairy - type . there is also a new gameplay element called mega evolution . some pokémon like mewtwo , blaziken , and lucario are able to power up during a battle if they are holding a mega stone . mega forms of pokémon are stronger than their normal forms .
zenobia ( 240 – c. 275 ) was a queen who ruled in the 3rd century over the palmyrene empire in what is today syria . she led a famous revolt against the roman empire . she was the second wife of king septimius odaenathus . zenobia became queen of palmyra after odaenathus ' death in 267 . by 269 , zenobia had expanded the empire , taking over egypt from the romans . tenagino probus , the roman governor , committed suicide after his failed attempt to recapture the territory . in 272 zenobia declared herself empress . she ruled over egypt until 274 , when she was defeated and taken as a hostage to rome by emperor aurelian.zenobia was semitic . many people think she was either arab , jewish or aramean . she gave her son an arabic name but her family spoke the aramaic language , the language of the arameans . she is known by other names , such as ' ( ) in arabic sources , " zenobius " in latin sources and ' ( ) in aramaic sources .
robert david sanders " bob " novak ( february 26 , 1931 – august 18 , 2009 ) was an american television journalist , writer and lawyer . he was a reporter for the " wall street journal " and the associated press before joining the " chicago sun - times " as an opinion political columnist along with rowland evans.he , along with evans began as a liberal supporter of john f. kennedy , lyndon b. johnson , and nelson rockefeller but soon moved to the right . by 1964 he was supporting barry goldwater for president . he was born in joliet , illinois.novak was a host and political analyst for the cable news network beginning in 1980 . in 1982 he and rowland evans began hosting " evans & novak " on that network . ( that program was later called " evans , novak , hunt , & shields " after cnn contributors mark shields and al hunt joined the panel , and after rowland evans died , " novak , hunt , & shields " . ) he co-hosted cable news network 's " crossfire " . he was founder , executive producer , and co-host of " capital gang " on that network . he was fired by cable news network in 2005 , partially as a result of an incident where he stormed off set after cursing at fellow cnn political analyst james carville . he joined fox news network that year.novak died from brain cancer in washington , d.c. , aged 78 .
ivy queen ( born martha ivelisse pesante on march 4 , 1972 in añasco , puerto rico ) is a composer and singer known as " the queen of reggaeton " . at a young age ivy 's parents moved to new york where she was raised . when she was in her teens , her parents returned to their hometown , añasco . ivy went to school and graduated from high school.when ivy was 18 , she moved to san juan and met rapper and producer , dj negro . dj negro helped her and introduced her to a group called " noise " . with " noise " she wrote and performed her first song " somos rapperos pero no delincuentes " ( we 're rappers , not delincuents ) . soon , dj negro convinced ivy to go " solo " and in 1997 , she made her debut with the recording of the album " en mi imperio " ( in my empire ) for the sony international records label which sold over 100,000 copies . in the same year , ivy traveled to panama where she represented puerto rico in " the battle of rap " . she also did some presentations in the dominican republic , which were all " sold out " and later that year , she participated in " the first national festival of rap and reggae " . there , ivy was proclaimed the " rap singer of the year " . also , in 1997 , ivy was awarded the " artista '97 " award , naming her " the peoples favorite rap singer " , by artista magazine.in 1998 , ivy recorded her second album , for the sony label , titled " original rude girl " which carried the following hit songs " interlude in the zone " , " sabes que tu " ( what do you know ? ) and " the king and the queen " . it sold more than her first album and was highly acclaimed by her growing fan base.ivy 's third album " diva " , was released in 2003 . the songs were originally written by her and performed with the participation of various artists.ivy queen 's style does not include the crude language so common in that genre . instead she focuses on her lyrics which contain positive messages for her generation . ivy usually speaks in her songs about puerto rico and about the abuse that many women suffer .
ganesha chaturthi is the 10 day - long hindu festival held on the birthday of the lord ganesha . he is the son of shiva and parvati . it is celebrated all over india . the festival is held on shukla chaturthi in the hindu month of bhaadrapada and ends on anant chaturdashi . for example in 2020 it will be celebrated on august 22th . it is celebrated widely in maharashtra . on this occasion women make special " " modaks " " which are loved by lord ganesha . lalbaug is a place that every year celebrates ganesh chaturthi on a large scale.there are ganesha 's form like bal ganesh , lalbaugchya raja , siddhivinayak maharaj , and dhagru sheth . the most popular ones are : shreemant dagdusheth halwai ganpati mandir and lalbaugcha raja .
diddy kong racing is a racing video game for the nintendo 64 game console . it was developed and published by rareware . it is the first spin - off of the " donkey kong country " series . it was released on november 14 , 1997 in north america , and on november 21 , 1997 in japan and europe . " diddy kong racing " has gameplay that is similar to " mario kart 64 " . it has an adventure mode with several worlds that have several race tracks , a battle stage , and a race against a boss . players can choose to use a car , a hovercraft , or a plane , although some tracks make the player use one of those . each track has boosters that make the player go faster , and balloons that give the player an item that they can use during the race . players can choose from 10 characters . two of the game 's characters , conker and banjo , would later star in their own games . conker went on to star in " conker 's bad fur day " , while banjo went on to star in " banjo - kazooie " . a remake for the nintendo ds called " diddy kong racing ds " was released on february 5 , 2007 in north america and on april 20 , 2007 in europe . it has better graphics and use of the console 's touch screen . banjo and conker do not appear in it .
cardiac arrest happens when the heart suddenly stops beating . this can be caused by a heart attack in which the heart 's demand for oxygen is not met and the heart muscle begins to die . with cardiac arrest , normal circulation of blood stops , because of a failure of the heart to contract . this results in the body not getting enough oxygenated blood , which causes cells to start to die from oxygen starvation . cerebral hypoxia ( lack of oxygen to the brain ) makes a person lose consciousness and stop breathing , and this makes the heart stop completely . unless the person is in hypothermia , brain damage usually occurs after three to five minutes . ( in some cases , the person is put into hypothermia on purpose , to help the person recover better with less damage . ) cardiac arrest is a medical emergency . if it is treated early enough , some of the damage done can be reversed in certain groups of patients . when cardiac arrest leads to a person 's death , this is called sudden cardiac death ( scd ) . first aid treatment for cardiac arrest usually begins with cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( cpr ) to keep oxygenated blood flowing until medical treatment is available .
river song is a fictional character in the british science - fiction series " doctor who " . she is played mainly by alex kingston . river song was first seen in the series as a future companion of the doctor . the doctor is an alien time lord who travels through time and space in his tardis . river song is a time traveler herself . because of this , her time spent with the doctor does not happen in the same order his time with her does . the first time they met ( in the series ) is his first but her last time . in later episodes , river is a companion of the doctor in his eleventh form ( matt smith ) . river song was created by " doctor who " writer steven moffat for the programme 's fourth series in 2008 . when moffat took over the job of executive producer from russell t davies , he started developing the character 's background . he created adventures earlier in river 's timeline . alex kingston went from being from a guest star to a recurring actor in the series . other actresses have also played younger versions of the character . she has been an infant , a child and a young adult.when the character was first seen , much about her was mystery . after the character 's first time on the series , davies said she was as " one of the most important characters " in the story . he said that she was " vital " to the doctor 's life . in series six ( 2011 ) , moffat 's episodes showed more about the character . born melody pond , river is the daughter of the eleventh doctor 's companions amy pond ( karen gillan ) and rory williams ( arthur darvill ) . kingston had appeared with these characters several times in series five ( 2010 ) . because she was conceived in the tardis as it travelled through the space - time vortex , melody is born with genetic traits and abilities much like to the doctor 's own race , the time lords .
the gnu general public license ( gpl ) is a computer software copyleft license . this license lets the user of the software use a program in many of the same ways as if it were public domain . they can use it , change it , and copy it . they can also sell or give away copies of the program with or without any changes they made to it . the license lets them do this as long as they agree to follow the terms of the license . the gpl was created by richard stallman . the current version is version 3 , created in 2007 , although some software still uses version 2 , created in 1991 . there are two main terms to the license . both apply to giving the program away or selling it.if the user does not agree to follow the gpl , they can still use the software under copyright laws . they can use it and make copies or changes to it for themselves , but they can not give it away or sell it . they also can not change the license .
duchenne muscular dystrophy ( dmd ) is a severe type of muscular dystrophy . the symptom of muscle weakness usually begins around the age of four in boys and worsens quickly . most are unable to walk by the age of 12 . scoliosis is also common.the disorder is x-linked recessive . about two thirds of cases are inherited from a person 's mother , while one third of cases are due to a new mutation . it is caused by a mutation in the gene for the protein dystrophin.although there is no known cure , physical therapy , braces , and corrective surgery may help with some symptoms .
the adrenal gland is a gland in most mammals . it is near the kidneys . its name tells its position ( " ad " – " near " , and " renes " – " kidneys " ) . the gland is made up of two types of tissues : the centrally located tissue is called the adrenal medulla and outside this lies the adrenal cortex.the adrenal glands are known as " suprarenal glands " in humans . in many animals the glands are next to the kidneys , but they are cap - like structures on top of the kidneys in humans.the adrenal cortex produces three main types of steroid hormones : mineralocorticoids , glucocorticoids , and androgens . mineralocorticoids ( such as aldosterone ) help in the regulation of blood pressure and electrolyte balance.the adrenal gland makes hormones which control stress . it is involved in the production of steroid hormones . among these hormones are cortisol and adrenaline .
erasmus , full name desiderius erasmus roterodamus , ( 27 october , probably 1466 in rotterdam – 12 july 1536 in basel ) was a dutch humanist , theologian and philosopher.erasmus was a classical scholar who wrote in a " pure " latin style . although he was a catholic , he was critical of the roman catholic church and wrote satires of them . he stood at the beginning of the reformation.the following information from * to * is sourced from ' oxford aqa history a level , the tudors : england 1485 - 1603 : < nowiki > * < / nowiki > he visited england four times , his most important visit being from 1509 to 1514 when he was appointed to a professorship at cambridge university . during this visit , he also became a well known figure around the court of king henry viii.in 1516 , he published a greek new testament complete with a new latin translation.some of his works include julius excluded from heaven , on civility in children , the praise of folly , discourse on free will , copia : foundations of the abundant style and a handbook of a christian knight.although he was an important humanist figure who inspired who had some influence on the younger generations of english humanists , the scope of erasmian humanism is quite limited and much of the change that took place in england at this time stemmed from the influence of new religious thinking rather than simply scholarly renaissance humanism.the term erasmianism is defined as the body of ideas that is associated with erasmus and his followers . *
dj hero is a music video game , released on october 27 , 2009 in north america , october 28 , 2009 in australia and on october 29 , 2009 in europe . the game was released for the playstation 2 , playstation 3 , xbox 360 and wii video game consoles . the game uses a turntable - shaped controller that allows players to simulate the motions of a dj . the game is a spin - off of the " guitar hero " video game series . it was well - received by journalists . gamespot gave the game a 8.0 for both the 360 and ps3 and ign gave the game a 9.0 for both the 360 and ps3 . the game had such good sales that it produced a sequel called " dj hero 2 " .
benjamin todd roethlisberger ( born march 2 , 1982 , in lima , ohio ) , nicknamed big ben , is an american football quarterback . he plays for the pittsburgh steelers in the national football league.roethlisberger was the captain of his high school 's football team , basketball team , and baseball team . he did not play football as a quarterback until his last year in high school.roethlisberger played college football for miami university in oxford . in 2003 , roethlisberger led his team to an unbeaten record , a number 10 ranking in the associated press poll and a 49 - 28 victory over louisville in the 2003 gmac bowl.roethlisberger was chosen by the steelers in the 2004 nfl draft . he earned the national football league 's " rookie of the year award " in 2005 . on february 5 , 2006 , roethlisberger became the youngest quarterback in nfl history to win a super bowl . he helped the steelers to a 21 - 10 victory over the seattle seahawks in the fortieth super bowl . he was only 23 years old at the time . he played in his first pro bowl in 2007 . roethlisberger led the steelers to a second super bowl title in four seasons as they defeated the arizona cardinals in super bowl xliii , 27 - 23 , after he made a game - winning touchdown pass to santonio holmes in the final 35 seconds .
units of measurement provide " standards " so that the numbers from our measurements refer to the same thing . measurement is a process that uses numbers to describe a physical quantity . we can measure how big things are , how warm they are , how heavy they are , and lots of other features as well.for example , the metre is a standard unit to measure length . before 1982 , it was defined as the distance between two markers on a special rod . now scientists define the metre by using the speed of light . saying something has a length of two metres means that it is exactly twice as long as that rod used to define the metre.in past centuries many different units were used in different countries . today , most units of measure fall into one of three systems : the older two , the british imperial system and the closely related us customary system use the foot as a measure of length , the pound as a measure for weight , and the second as a measure for time . they use other units as well . the number of smaller units that make the bigger units in these two systems varies : for example , there are 12 inches in a foot and 16 ounces in a pound.the newest and most used of the three systems is the metric system or si system which use 10 , 100 or 1000 of a smaller unit to make a bigger one . for instance , there are 100 centimetres in one metre or 1000 grams in one kilogram . this system uses the metre for length , the kilogram for weight.the measurement of time does " not " follow this pattern . the second is the basis for time measurement , and it is based on the sexagesimal system : 60 seconds make one minute , and 60 minutes make one hour .
in the context of engineering , automation is when a device or a machine is changed in such a way that it can fulfill the task it was designed for without the need of human . very often , this means that the machine is fitted with an additional system which takes control of its functions . for example , a centrifugal governor controls a steam engine.benefits of automation are that the output of the machine or device are more uniform , and that product quality is improved . a system that is not fully automated needs human interaction is needed : many of the tasks involved are repetitive and boring . in general , machines are also designed so that humans no longer need to lift heavy weights or do dangerous things . with automation , human intervention is limited or absent .
napalm is the name for a number of flammable liquids that have been used in warfare . often it is jellied gasoline . napalm is actually the thickener in such liquids . when it is mixed with gasoline , the thickener makes a sticky incendiary gel . it was developed by the u.s. in world war ii by a team of harvard chemists . the team leader was louis fieser . the name " napalm " has comes from the ingredients that were first used to make it : coprecipitated aluminum salts of naphthenic and palmitic acids . these were added to the flammable substance to cause it to gel.one of the major problems of early incendiary fluids ( such as those used in flamethrowers ) was that they splashed and drained too easily . the u.s. found that flamethrowers that use a gasoline gel are able to shoot farther and are more useful . gasoline gel was difficult to manufacture because it used natural rubber , which was in high demand and expensive . napalm provided a far cheaper alternative . it solved the problems involved with rubber - based incendiaries.nowadays , napalm is mostly made of benzene and polystyrene , and is known as napalm - b.napalm was used in flamethrowers and firebombs by the u.s. and allied forces . napalm is made to burn at a specific rate and stick to materials . this is done by mixing different amounts of napalm and other materials . another useful ( and dangerous ) effect , primarily involving its use in bombs , was that napalm " rapidly deoxygenates the available air . " it also creates large amounts of carbon monoxide causing suffocation . napalm bombs were also used in the vietnam war to clear landing zones for helicopters.though napalm was a 20th - century invention , it is part of a long history of incendiary devices in warfare . however , historically , it was primarily liquids that were used ( see greek fire ) . an infantry - based flammable liquid fuel weapon , the flamethrower , was introduced in world war i by the germans , variations of which were soon developed by other sides in the conflict .
saint patrick ( about 402 - march 17 , probably 491 or 493 ) is the patron saint of ireland . he was born in a village in roman britain . when he was 16 years old he was captured and sold into slavery . he also married couples when the king prohibited it.saint patrick came from a christian family . he was the son of calpornius , who was a deacon . he brought christianity to ireland . he converted many pagans to christianity . he also challenged many of their leaders and druids such as aodhan the brave also known as chief aodhan . st.patrick eventually converted chief aodhan and they worked together to convert many other pagans.st . patrick 's day is celebrated every year on march 17 in his honour .
the emirate of granada was established in 1238 . as the reconquista was very successful after the conquest of cordoba in 1236 , the emirate officially became a tributary state in 1238 and was called the kingdom of granada . the nasrid emirs and kings were responsible for building most of the palaces in the alhambra . the " taifa " became a vassal state of the christian kingdom of castile for the next 250 years . the nasrid sultans and kings paid tribute to the christian kings and cooperated with them in the battle against rebellious muslims under castilian rule.on january 2 , 1492 , the last muslim leader , muhammad xii , surrendered complete control of granada , to ferdinand and isabella , after the city was besieged in the battle of granada .
kevin maurice garnett ( born may 19 , 1976 ) , nicknamed " kg " , is an american professional basketball power forward and center . he plays for the minnesota timberwolves of the national basketball association ( nba ) . he has also played for the boston celtics and the brooklyn nets.in high school , garnett was a 1995 mcdonald 's all - american at farragut career academy and won a national player of the year award . garnett entered the 1995 nba draft , where he was selected with the 5th overall pick by the minnesota timberwolves . he was the first nba player drafted directly out of high school in 20 years.on february 19 , 2015 , he waived his no - trade clause and he was traded back to the minnesota timberwolves in exchange for thaddeus young .
pride means having a feeling of being good and worthy . the adjective is proud.the word " pride " can be used in a good sense as well as in a bad sense.in a good sense it means having a feeling of self - respect . people can be satisfied with their achievements . they can be proud of something good that they have done . they can be proud of ( or " take pride in " ) their work . they might be proud of their son or daughter or husband or wife or anyone else who is close to them and who has done something good . people can be proud of their country ( patriotism ) . the opposite would be " to be ashamed " of someone or something.in a bad sense , " pride " can mean that someone has an exaggerated sense of feeling good . this might mean that someone has no respect for what other people do , only respect for what he or she does . someone who is described as " proud " may be arrogant . the word is used in this sense in the saying : “ pride comes before a fall ” or “ pride goes before destruction , a haughty spirit before a fall . ” prov .16 : 18 ( meaning that someone is so overconfident that he or she might soon have a disaster ) .
the denisovans or denisova hominins are archaic humans in the genus " homo " . they may be an extinct species or subspecies.they were first discovered in in the denisova cave in the altai mountains in siberia . this cave that has also been inhabited by neanderthals and modern humans.a finger bone fragment of a juvenile female was discovered . she lived about 41,000 years ago , with about 3 % to 5 % of the dna of melanesians and aboriginal australians and around 6 % in papuans deriving from denisovans.the mitochondrial dna ( mtdna ) of the finger bone showed it was genetically distinct from neanderthals and modern humans . the nuclear genome from this specimen suggested that denisovans shared a common origin with neanderthals.dna analysis has indicated that modern humans , neanderthals , and the denisova hominin last shared a common ancestor around years ago.the mtdna analysis also suggested that this species was the result of a migration out of africa that came between a migration by " homo erectus " individuals and later ones by some ancestors of most modern humans .
nuclear fusion is when two atoms merge to form a new one . this reaction generates energy . the idea behind a fusion reactor is to build a nuclear power plant that uses this process to produce electricity . nowadays , nuclear power plants use nuclear fission to produce energy . nuclear fission is not the same as nuclear fusion.nuclear fusion is the same type of process the sun uses to generate heat . the most powerful nuclear weapons also use fusion.as of 2012 , there are no commercial power plants that use this technology ; there are a few academic ones ; these include the joint european torus , in england . this reactor uses a principle called tokamak . a tokamak uses magnets that are shaped like a doughnut to squish the atoms .
a migraine is a medical condition which usually causes a pounding , throbbing headache on one side of the head . the pain may be very bad and hurt so much that a person may have a hard time doing anything . while most people who have migraines get a headache , not everyone does . there are different kinds of migraines , and some do not cause a headache but do have other symptoms.most migraines cause a headache and nausea and might make the person dizzy or very sensitive to bright lights or loud noises . some people have " auras " before a migraine starts , which means their ability to see becomes different . they may see funny patterns , have blurry vision , or may not be able to see at all . other senses can change before or during a migraine , and the person may sense funny smells or tastes . migraines can last a long time . migraines usually last between four and 72 hours.migraines have been classified , based on how often they happen in a month : if a person has a headache for less than fifteen days , the migraine is called " episodic migraine " ( em ) . if it happens more than fifteen days , it is called " chronic migraine " ( cm ) . chronic means it happens over a long amount of time . some people who start off getting episodic migraines may start to get " chronic migraines " later . chronic migraine then may " revert " or go back to episodic migraine.scientists have discovered that something called cgrp is the cause of migraines . cgrp stands for " calcitonin gene - related peptide " . cgrp is a protein that causes migraines when it is released around the brain . what cgrp does , is that it causes a lot of inflammation in the meninges , a covering above the brain.there are different risk factors which make a person more likely to have migraines . being a female is a risk factor , and so is having family members who had migraines . for a person who has migraines , there are different trigger factors which may set off a migraine attack . in a large group of females who have migraines , one of the main trigger factors is when the amount of the hormone estrogen in their body either drops too low or " fluctuates " ( goes up and down ) . the world health organization says that migraine headache is the most costly brain problem for treatment and disability in the european union and the united states .
trento longaretti ( 29 march 1917 – 7 june 2017 ) was an italian painter . he studied at the brera academy in the 1930s , where he was taught by renowned artists including painters aldo carpi and pompeo borra , and sculptors francesco messina and marino marini.longaretti stated that painting is an " elixir for long life " , and continued to paint and exhibit as a centenarian.his oil paintings have been described as dense and oily like those of paul cézanne , and his style having similarities to the fantasy settings of marc chagall and " pictorial culture " of egon schiele . his still life paintings have been described as " delicate and almost religious " . he became involved in the italian figurative art movement of the 1950s . he turned 100 in march 2017 and died on 7 june 2017 .
the arc de triomphe ( meaning " arch of victory ) " , at the centre of the place de l'étoile and the western end of the champs - elysées , is a very famous monument in paris.emperor napoléon bonaparte commissioned it in 1806 after victory in the battle of austerlitz . it is a large arch , but it is not possible to drive underneath it . jean - françois chalgrin designed it , and it has roughly 300 steps that lead to the top . it has four main sculptures and six reliefs . just beneath the vault of the arch , there is the tomb of the unknown soldier . the names of french generals and battles are engraved on the walls .
neon is a noble gas . it is chemical element 10 on the periodic table . its symbol is ne.the word " neon " comes from the greek word meaning " new " . it was discovered by william ramsay and morris w. travers in 1898 . neon does not react with other elements , so it is found by itself . there is not much neon in the air , and it is clear , so we do not see it.neon gas is used in gas discharge lamps . when electricity goes through the neon , it lights up red . due to this quality , it is used in signs . similar signs use other gases to make other colors , but they are also often called " neon signs " . neon is also a term referring to a type of color that is very bright , such as lime green.no true chemical compounds including the neutral compounds of neon are known . where there is the helium compound hhef , which might be stable , the analogous compound with neon is not .
echinoderms are a successful phylum of marine animals . they include sea stars , brittle stars , sea urchins , sea cucumbers and their relatives.echinoderms have these features : echinoderms live in all parts of the ocean , but mostly on the sea floor . some are filter feeders , and others ( starfish ) are important predators of molluscs and other shell - fish . they are extremely common near the shore , and on reefs.they have a long and abundant fossil record . this phylum appeared in the early cambrian period ; it contains about 7,000 living and 13,000 extinct species . the four or five main groups are called sub-phyla by some authorities , and classes by others.echinodermata is the largest animal phylum which is entirely marine : no animals in this group live on land or in fresh or brackish water .
richard stallman ( born march 16 , 1953 ) is the founder of the free software movement , the gnu project , and the free software foundation . he is also a famous hacker . he created gnu emacs , the gnu c compiler , and the gnu debugger . he is one of the main authors of the gnu general public license ( " gnu gpl " or " gpl " ) , the most used free software license , which pioneered the concept of the copyleft.since the mid-1990s , he has spent most of his time as a political campaigner , talking about free software and campaigning against proprietary software , software idea patents and expansions of copyright law . the time that he still spends on programming is spent on gnu emacs . he is currently supported by various fellowships and maintains a modest standard of living .
sir alec guinness ( 2 april 1914 - 5 august 2000 ) was an academy award winning english actor . he was born in london . he is well known for the role of obi - wan kenobi , a " jedi master " , in the star wars movie series ( episodes iv , v , and vi ) , a role that he was embarrassed with . he won an academy award for " best actor in a leading role " . he got this award for acting in the movie " the bridge on the river kwai " ( 1957 ) . guinness also received a golden globe award and a bafta award for that movie . he has also received a tony award . in 1989 he received a bafta academy fellowship award , a lifetime achievement award . guinness died from liver cancer in midhurst , west sussex , in 2000 .
the french revolutionary wars continued from 1793 with few changes . france fought the first coalition.in the alps , there was little change . the french invasion of piedmont failed . on the spanish border , the french under general dugommier came from their defensive positions at bayonne and perpignan , to move the spanish out of roussillon . they invaded catalonia . dugommier was killed in the battle of the black mountain in november.on the northern front in the flanders campaign , the austrians and french both prepared in belgium . the austrians went towards mons and maubeuge . the french got ready on multiple fronts . there were two armies in flanders under pichegru and moreau . jourdan attacked from the german border . the french had damage in the kortrijk , tourcoing and fleurus in june . the french armies drove the austrians , british , and dutch beyond the rhine . then they moved into belgium , the rhineland , and southern holland.on the middle rhine front in july general michaud 's army of the rhine tried two offensives in july . this sector of the front was largely quiet over the course of the year.at sea , the french atlantic fleet was able to hold off a british attempt to stop an important cereal convoy from the united states . in the caribbean , the british fleet landed in martinique in february , and inby the end of the year french armies had won victories on all fronts .
the meissner effect is when a magnetic field is pushed out of a superconductor when it becomes superconducting . if you were to put a superconductor in the field of a big magnet and you looked just inside the superconductor , you would see that the magnetic field was much smaller than it was outside . the deeper in you looked , the closer it would be to zero . this is one of the ways that superconductors are not the same as perfect conductors , which do let magnetic fields pass through them.the effect was discovered by walter meissner and robert ochsenfeld in 1933 . they saw that because the magnetic field can not go through the superconductor , the field right outside the superconductor becomes stronger.one example of the meissner effect is a magnet levitating above a superconducting plate cooled by liquid nitrogen . in order to stop the magnetic field from going into the superconductor , the superconductor acts like a magnet pointing the opposite direction . this repels the real magnet and stops it from coming any closer .
the king and i is a two - act musical . it is based on the novel , " anna and the king of siam " by margaret landon . oscar hammerstein ii wrote the musical 's book and lyrics . richard rodgers wrote the music . the musical received the 1952 tony award for best musical . " the king and i " opened on broadway at the st. james theatre on 29 march 1951 , and closed on 20 march 1954 after 1246 performances . the original production starred gertrude lawrence and yul brynner . it was directed by john van druten , and choreographed by jerome robbins . scenery and lighting were designed by jo mielziner . " the king and i " opened on the west end at the theatre royal , drury lane , on 8 october 1953 , and closed after 926 performances . in 1956 , the musical was released as a twentieth century fox movie starring yul brynner and deborah kerr .
the goths ( gothic : , " gutans " ) were an east germanic tribe . they spoke the gothic language . jordanes was a scholar from the 6th century who wrote a summary of a twelve volume work by cassiodorus about the goths . jordanes work is commonly called getica . the original work by cassiodorius was lost , getica is the only surviving contemporary account about the goths . according to this book they left scandinavia via gotland and settled close to the mouth of the vistula river ( in present day poland ) . in the 3rd and 4th centuries they settled scythia , dacia and parts of moesia and asia minor . in the 3rd and 4th centuries , they fought with the roman empire and later adopted arianism ( a form of christianity ) . in the 4th and 5th centuries , they split into the visigoths and the ostrogoths . with this move , they established powerful successor - states of the roman empire in italy and on the iberian peninsula ( now spain & portugal ) . traces of gothic blood can be found in many people .
a hilbert space is a mathematical concept covering the extra-dimensional use of euclidean space — i.e. , a space with more than three dimensions . a hilbert space uses the mathematics of two and three dimensions to try and describe what happens in greater than three dimensions . it is named after david hilbert.vector algebra and calculus are methods normally used in the two - dimensional euclidean plane and three - dimensional space . in hilbert spaces , these methods can be used with any finite or infinite number of dimensions . a hilbert space is a vector space that has the structure of an inner product that allows length and angle to be measured . hilbert spaces also have to be complete , which means that enough limits have to exist for calculus to work.the earliest hilbert spaces were studied in the first decade of the 20th century by david hilbert , erhard schmidt , and frigyes riesz . john von neumann first came up with the name " hilbert space " . hilbert space methods made a big difference to functional analysis.hilbert spaces show up a lot in mathematics , physics , and engineering , often as infinite - dimensional function spaces . they are especially useful for studying partial differential equations , quantum mechanics , fourier analysis ( which includes signal processing and heat transfer ) . hilbert spaces are used in ergodic theory which is the mathematical basis of thermodynamics . all normal euclidean spaces are also hilbert spaces . other examples of hilbert spaces include spaces of square - integrable functions , spaces of sequences , sobolev spaces made up of generalized functions , and hardy spaces of holomorphic functions .
the new zealand national men 's rugby union team , officially nicknamed the all blacks , represents new zealand in men 's rugby union . this is regarded as the country 's national sport . the all blacks are the holders of the rugby world cup , since 2011 . they are the 2014 world rugby team of the year . they have won over 76 % of their test matches and are the leading test match points scorers of all time . their win ratio puts them amongst the most successful teams of any sport in history . they are the only international side with a winning record against every country they have played . since their international debut in 1903 only five nations have defeated new zealand in test matches . since the introduction of the world rugby rankings in october 2003 , new zealand has held the number one ranking longer than all other teams combined . the all blacks are also the first team to set their hands on the webb ellis cup . the first team to successfully defend the rugby world cup . they were the first team to win back to back rugby world cups and the first team to win the cup on 3 separate occasions.new zealand competes with argentina , australia and south africa in the rugby championship . the all blacks have won the trophy thirteen times in the competition 's nineteen - year history . they also hold the bledisloe cup , which is contested annually with australia . they hold the freedom cup , contested annually with south africa . new zealand has achieved a grand slam ( defeating england , ireland , scotland , and wales in one tour ) four times1978 , 2005 , 2008 and 2010 . they have also been named the " world rugby team of the year " seven times since 2005 . four members have won the " world rugby player of the year " awardcurrent captain , dan carter , and . fifteen former all blacks have been inducted into the international rugby hall of fame . four of these are also inductees of the world rugby hall of fame.the team 's first match was in 1884 . their first international match was in 1903 against australia in sydney . the following year they hosted their first ever home test , a match against a british isles side in wellington . this was followed by a tour of europe and north america in 1905 where the team suffered their first test defeatto wales in cardiff .
the cat in the hat is a children 's book written by dr. seuss and was first published in 1957 . seuss wrote the book after being challenged to write a story beginning readers would love . he was given a list of 438 words beginning readers were expected to know . he was told these were the only words he could use . he used 223 words on the list . the cat would appear in other dr. seuss books . more than 11 million copies of the book have been printed . it has been translated into more than 12 different languages including latin and yiddish . the story has been made into a television special and a 2003 movie . the cat appears in a broadway musical called " seussical " . he also is the host of the educational children 's shows the wubbulous world of dr. seuss and the cat in the hat knows a lot about that .
veronica mars is an american teen drama / mystery - neo-noir series set in southern california . it was first shown on upn on september 22 , 2004 . the series was shown for its first two seasons on the upn before moving to the cw television network on october 3 , 2006 . the show stars kristen bell as veronica mars : a student who also works as a private investigator with the help of her detective father . the series is said to be " a little bit buffy and a little bit bogart " . the series has murder mystery , high school and college drama with sarcasm and strange humor.the show starts with veronica and her friends in high school . it follows them to college in later seasons of the series .
justin drew bieber ( born march 1 , 1994 in stratford , ontario , canada ) is a canadian pop singer and actor.he was discovered on youtube in 2008 . he grew up in ontario . when he was twelve years old , he went into a local singing contest . he came in third place . the video of the contest was uploaded to his youtube channel run by his mother pattie mallette , where it was noticed by famous music industry manager scott samuel " scooter " braun . braun 's first time seeing bieber was when he saw a video of the then 12 - year - old boy on youtube , singing a song by ne - yo . braun contacted bieber 's mother , mallette , who agreed to bring her son , now fourteen years old , to atlanta to try working together . braun convinced them to move from canada to the united states.after more online marketing managing and success , braun presented bieber to two successful artists , usher and justin timberlake ; both showed interest . eventually usher 's mentor , music executive l. a. reid , signed bieber to a deal with island def jam.in 2009 , bieber toured with iyaz and taylor swift , and traveled in the united states . his first album , " my world " , features four singles , " one time " , " one less lonely girl " , " favorite girl " , and " love me " . he signed to a record deal with usher . he released " my world 2.0 " in march 2010 as his second album , as well as going on a world tour . " purposes 's " single " sorry " is bieber 's most popular song.he has a younger brother and sister . his parents never married each other.bieber has released a book called " " . on december 23 , 2013 , the album " journals " was released . it has fifteen songs . ten have been released as singles.the album " purpose " came out in late 2015 . it includes the singles " sorry " , " love yourself " , and " company " . earlier in the year , he was arrested for being reckless .
stress is the force per unit area on a body that tends to cause it to change shape.stress is a measure of the internal forces in a body between its particles . these internal forces are a reaction to the external forces applied on the body that cause it to separate , compress or slide . external forces are either surface forces or body forces . stress is the average force per unit area that a particle of a body exerts on an adjacent particle , across an imaginary surface that separates them.the formula for uniaxial normal stress is : where σ is the stress , f is the force and a is the surface area.in si units , force is measured in newtons and area in square metres . this means stress is newtons per square meter , or n / m . however , stress has its own si unit , called the pascal . 1 pascal ( symbol pa ) is equal to 1 n / m . in imperial units , stress is measured in pound - force per square inch , which is often shortened to " psi " . the dimension of stress is the same as that of pressure.in continuum mechanics , the loaded deformable body behaves as a continuum . so , these internal forces are distributed continually within the volume of the material body . ( this means that the stress distribution in the body is expressed as a piecewise continuous function of space and time . ) the forces cause deformation of the body 's shape . the deformation can lead to a permanent shape change or structural failure if the material is not strong enough.some models of continuum mechanics treat force as something that can change . other models look at the deformation of matter and solid bodies , because the characteristics of matter and solids are three dimensional . each approach can give different results . classical models of continuum mechanics assume an average force and do not properly include " geometrical factors " . ( the geometry of the body can be important to how stress is shared out and how energy builds up during the application of the external force . )
lake vostok is the biggest of the seventy lakes in antarctica that are under the ice . it is at 77 ° s 105 ° e. it is under russia 's vostok station . it is 4,000 meters ( 13,000 feet ) under antarctica 's surface.the lake was found by russian and british scientists . they used radar to find it.the lake consists of fresh water . the temperature of the water is about -3 ° c . the freezing point of water is at 0 ° c , but the water in the lake remains liquid because of the high pressure of the ice.there are two separate basins in the lake . these are separated by a ridge . it has been suggested that the ecosystems of the two basins are different .
wessex was an old anglo - saxon kingdom before england became one country . it was one of seven kingdoms in england . it was named after the west saxons . it was in the south and southwest of england . wessex was a kingdom from the 6th century until the english state was made in the 9th century . it was an earldom between 1016 and 1066 . then " wessex " was not an official place name . the 19th century novelist thomas hardy wrote about wessex in his books which tell stories set in that area.his royal highness the prince edward was given the title " earl of wessex " when he married sophie who became the countess of wessex . the title earl of wessex had not been used since the last earl , king harold godwinson , was killed at the battle of hastings in 1066 .
leonardo wilhelm dicaprio ( born november 11 , 1974 ) is an american actor , movie director , movie producer and writer . he starred in every popular movies , including " what 's eating gilbert grape " , " romeo + juliet " , " titanic " , " the man in the iron mask " , " the beach " , " catch me if you can " , " gangs of new york " , " the aviator " , " the revenant " and " once upon a time in hollywood " . his first movie was " critters 3 " . in 2016 , dicaprio won his first academy award for best actor for his portrayal of hugh glass in the revenant .
michael andrew gove ( born 26 august 1967 ) is an british politician . in july 2019 , he became the chancellor of the duchy of lancaster for the boris johnson ministry . he was the secretary of state for environment , food and rural affairs from 2017 to 2019 for the theresa may ministry . he was the shadow secretary of state for children , schools and families , and was the secretary of state for education from 12 may 2010 to 15 july 2014 . he is the member of parliament for the surrey heath constituency in the united kingdom . he was first elected in the 2005 general election.he is a member of the conservative party . he was one of the candidates in the 2016 conservative leadership election . after becoming prime minister , theresa may fired gove from the cabinet . however in 2017 she brought him back and made him the environment secretary.he grew up in aberdeen . he studied english at lady margaret hall at oxford university . gove is married to sarah vine , a writer for " the times " . they have a daughter and son . he belongs to the church of englandon 26 may 2019 , gove announced his campaign to run for leader of the conservative party in the 2019 election . he narrowly lost in third place on the fifth ballot and was eliminated on 20 june.gove is a queens park rangers f.c supporter .
samir nasri ( born 26 june 1987 ) is a french football player . he plays for belgian club anderlecht . he also played for the france national team . he is a midfielder . he is of algerian heritage . nasri has been called a player whose " vision and imagination make him an unpredictable opponent " . his playing style , ability , and cultural background have led people to compare him to french legend zinedine zidane.nasri began his football career playing for local youth clubs in his hometown of marseille . he joined professional club olympique de marseille aged 9 . he spent seven years developing in the club 's youth academy at la commanderie , which is the club 's training center . nasri made his professional debut in the 2004 – 05 season at the age of 17 . in the next season , he became a regular starter in the team . he also took part in european competition for the first time in the 2005 – 06 uefa cup . in the 2006 – 07 season , nasri won the national union of professional footballers ( unfp ) young player of the year award and was also named in the team of the year . he finished his career with marseille making over 160 appearances . he played in the teams that reached back - to - back coupe de france finals in 2006 and 2007 . in june 2008 , nasri joined premier league club arsenal . he agreed on a four - year contract . he reached fame with the team in his third season where he won the professional footballers ' association ( pfa ) fans ' player of the month award three times . he was alson named in the pfa 's team of the year . in december 2010 , he was named the french player of the year for his performances during the year . in august 2011 , after three seasons with arsenal , nasri joined manchester city . he agreed on a four - year contract . in his first season with the club , they won the 2011 – 12 of the premier league . this was nasri 's first important honour as a player.nasri was a french youth international . he has played for his nation at every level for which he was able to . he played on the france under - 17 team that won the 2004 uefa european under - 17 football championship . nasri made his senior team debut in march 2007 . it was a friendly match against austria . two months later , he scored his first senior international goal in a 1 – 0 uefa euro 2008 qualifying win over georgia . nasri has played for france at two major international tournaments : uefa euro 2008 and uefa euro 2012 .
the gotthard base tunnel ( gbt ; , , ) is a railway tunnel in switzerland . with a route length of , it is the longest tunnel in the world . the link consists of two single - track tunnels connecting erstfeld ( uri ) with bodio ( ticino ) and passing below sedrun ( graubünden ) . the main purpose of the gotthard base tunnel is to increase local transport capacity through the alpine barrier , especially for freight , notably on the rotterdam – basel – genoa corridor , and more specifically to shift freight volumes from trucks to freight trains . this both significantly reduces the danger of fatal road crashes involving trucks , and reduces the environmental damage caused by heavy trucks . the tunnel provides a faster connection between the canton of ticino and the rest of switzerland , as well as between northern and southern europe , cutting the basel / zurich – lugano – milan journey time for passenger trains by 1 hour ( and from lucerne to bellinzona by 45 minutes ) . after 64 percent of swiss voters accepted the nrla project in a 1992 referendum , first preparatory and exploratory work began in 1996 . the official start of construction began on 4 november 1999 at amsteg . as of 1998 , the total projected cost of the project was chf 6.323 billion ; as of december 2015 , the final cost is projected as chf 9.560 billion .
the treaty of versailles ( ) was a peace treaty between the nations of japan , the united states , france , germany and britain after world war i . the treaty was made in 1919 . germany , austria and hungary did not participate in writing it . germany had the choice between signing it or facing the occupation of germany by allied troops.germany had to reduce its armed forces from 6 million to 100,000 men and to get rid of its submarines , military aircraft and most of its artillery . its navy battleships were limited to only six small ones.germany also had to give back french territories it had occupied , as well as large territories of its own to poland and other neighbours , and to give up all of its colonies . germany was to pay back the huge world war i reparations for the damage done to allied countries , mostly france , during world war i by german troops . the sum was to be very large but was not yet fixed : many gold marks had to be paid only as a first part of the german debt.the treaty made a league of nations , which was intended to make decisions and keep the peace after the treaty was signed . the league solved some international disputes without war , but could not stop world war ii.this treaty can be seen as a one - sided peace , dictated to germany . the english economist john maynard keynes thought that it was a great mistake to force such harsh measures on the german people , but his advice was ignored.germany set up the weimar republic . it was democratic but suffered an economic collapse , with the huge inflation of its currency , the mark . adolf hitler became chancellor and overruled the treaty . his actions eventually led to world war ii .
afrikan tähti is a popular finnish board game . it was designed by kari mannerla . it has been produced since 1951 . afrikan tähti has remained one of the most sold board games in finland for 65 years . during this time it has been translated to over 16 languages . it is most popular in the nordic countries , where it became widely marketed in sweden , norway and denmark in 1960 . in sweden the game is called den försvunna diamanten , in norway den forsvunne diamanten ( both meaning " the lost [ or , vanished ] diamond " ) and in denmark afrikas stjerne ( star of africa ) . in finland over two million games have been sold , in sweden and norway almost one million and in denmark half a million . there are over 4.5 million sold games internationally . during his retirement years kari mannerla revived one of his old creations inkan aarre in a completely modified version . inkan aarre has sold over 100,000 in finland .
silicon is element 14 on the periodic table . its symbol is si.silicon looks like a metal , but does not do everything a metal does , like conduct electricity very easily . it is a metalloid . silicon is used as a great deal in today 's computers and virtually every electronic device . germanium can also be used in computers , but silicon is easier to find.there is a lot of silicon on the earth . at the beach , there is silicon in the form of sand . sand is a compound of silicon known as silicon dioxide or silica . glass is made by heating sand ( or silicon dioxide ) hot enough . the glass can have different colours by adding coloured compounds . silicon also makes up a lot of different rocks and minerals , and they are known as silicates .
hadrian ( publius aelius hadrianus , 24 january 76 – 10 july 138 ) was roman emperor from 117 to 138 . he is best known for building hadrian 's wall , which marked the northern limit of roman territory in britain . in rome , he built the pantheon and the temple of venus and roma.in addition to being emperor , hadrian was a humanist and a lover of greek culture in all his tastes . hadrian was the third of the so - called five good emperors.hadrian was born to a hispano - roman family , probably in italica ( near seville ) . his predecessor trajan was a maternal cousin of hadrian 's father . trajan never officially designated an heir , but according to his wife pompeia plotina , trajan named hadrian emperor immediately before his death . trajan 's wife and his friend licinius sura were well - disposed towards hadrian , and he may well have owed his succession to them.during his reign , hadrian traveled to nearly every province of the empire . hadrian sought to make athens the cultural capital of the empire : he ordered the construction of many temples in the city.hadrian spent much of his time with the military . he usually wore military attire , and dined and slept amongst the soldiers . he ordered military training and drilling to be more rigorous and even made use of false reports of attack to keep the army alert . despite his fondness for the army , there was little military activity throughout the empire while hadrian reigned . after he became emperor , hadrian withdrew from trajan 's conquests in mesopotamia and armenia , and even considered abandoning dacia . late in his reign , he stopped the bar kokhba revolt in judaea , renaming the province syria palaestina.in 136 an ailing hadrian adopted lucius aelius as his heir , but he died suddenly two years later . in 138 , hadrian promised to adopt antoninus pius if he would in turn adopt marcus aurelius and aelius ' son lucius verus as his own eventual successors . antoninus agreed , and soon afterward hadrian died at his villa near tibur .
sir mohamed " mo " muktar jama farah , , ( born 23 march 1983 ) is a british middle and long - distance runner who holds the european record in the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres.farah was born in mogadishu , somalia . he spent his early childhood living in somaliland and djibouti . he moved to england when he was eight years old . he lives in both london and portland , oregon , united states.in the 2012 olympics he won gold in the 10,000 metres and the 5,000 metres . in the 2011 world championships , he won gold in the 5,000 meters and silver in the 10,000 meters . he won the 5,000 m and 10,000 m again at the world championship in moscow .
atheism is rejecting the belief in a god or gods.it is the opposite of theism , which is the belief that at least one god exists . a person who rejects belief in gods is called an atheist . theism is the belief in one or more gods . adding an a , meaning " without " , before the word theism results in atheism , or literally , " without theism " . atheism is not the same as agnosticism : agnostics say that there is no way to " know " whether gods exist or not . being an agnostic does not have to mean a person rejects or believes in god . some agnostics are theists , believing in god . the theologian kierkegaard is an example . other agnostics are atheists . gnosticism refers to a claim of knowledge . a gnostic has sufficient knowledge to make a claim . adding an a , meaning " without " , before the word gnostic results in agnostic , or literally , " without knowledge " . while theism refers to " belief " in one or more gods , gnosticism refers to " knowledge " . in practice , most people simply identify as a theist , atheist , or agnostic .
electromagnetic waves are waves that contain an electric field and a magnetic field and carry energy . they travel at the speed of light.quantum mechanics developed from the study of electromagnetic waves . this field includes the study of both visible and invisible light . visible light is the light one can see with normal eyesight in the colours of the rainbow . invisible light is light one ca n't see with normal eyesight and includes more energetic and higher frequency waves , such as ultraviolet , x-rays and gamma rays . waves with longer lengths , such as infrared , micro and radio waves , are also explored in the field of quantum mechanics.some types of electromagnetic radiation , such as x-rays , are ionizing radiation and can be harmful to your body.ultraviolet rays are near the violet end of the light spectrum and infrared are near the red end . infrared rays are heat rays and ultraviolet rays cause sunburn.the various parts of the electromagnetic spectrum differ in wavelength , frequency and quantum energy.sound waves are not electromagnetic waves but waves of pressure in air , water or any other substance .
the holy roman empire ( latin : romus spiritus sanctus ) was a group of regions and free cities in central europe which all came under the rule of an emperor who was elected by the princes and magistrates of the regions and cities within the empire . when charlemagne died , his frankish empire was given to his children and divided into three different countries : west francia , lotharingia and east francia . the holy empire started when otto i of east francia became emperor in 962 , and it was ended by napoleon in 1806 . the emperors claimed to be heirs of charlemagne and that the empire dates from 800 , when charlemagne became frankish emperor.in the 16th century the holy roman empire ( hre ) had to deal with the rebellion of the frisians lead by pier gerlofs donia and wijerd jelckama . this lasted from 1515 until 1523 . in the 17th century the empire was shattered by the thirty years ' war ( 1618 - 1648 ) . nearly thirty percent of the population of the empire was killed . the " holy roman empire of the german nation " lost parts of its territory.until the 13th century , the holy roman empire was powerful . later , all the duchies and counties inside the empire started to get more power . at the end , the emperors had little real power anymore , and the country existed only in name . the last emperor abolished the empire in 1806 during the napoleonic wars.voltaire , a french philosopher in the 18th century , once joked that the nation was neither holy , nor roman , nor an empire .
the war in bosnia and herzegovina or bosnian war is generally accepted name for an international military conflict in the area of bosnia and herzegovina , which lasted from april 6th 1992 to december 14th 1995 , between serbia and montenegro , the republic of bosnia and herzegovina and the croatia . this war is often appointed and as the aggression on bosnia and herzegovina and civil war in bosnia and herzegovina . bosnia and herzegovina was formally indicted serbia and montenegro for genocide before the international court of justice . the court 21st february 2007 published a judgment in which he concluded that the war have had international character.it is estimated that in the nearly four - year war killed between 100,000 and 200,000 people , while over two million people to leave their homes . according to recent reports in the war has killed around 94,000 inhabitants , and displaced about 1.8 million . war is caused by a complex combination of the general political , social and security crisis in the country , which followed the end of the cold war and the fall of the socialist system in yugoslavia . the war ended with the signing peace agreement in dayton , ohio on 21 november 1995 .
lionel andrés " leo " messi cuccittini ( spanish pronunciation : [ ljoˈnel anˈdɾes ˈmesi ] ) ( born 24 june 1987 ) is an argentine footballer . he plays for barcelona and the argentina national team as a forward . he also has spanish citizenship , meaning he can play for spain . many experts and critics consider messi as one of the greatest football players of all time . some even say he is the greatest player ever . messi has 6 ballon d'or awards , the most of any player , and one more than cristiano ronaldo . his playing style and skills are very similar to the argentine legend diego maradona . there is much competition between him and portuguese footballer cristiano ronaldo because of their similar skill levels .
last of the summer wine is a british sitcom . it ran longer than any other comedy show in the uk and longer than any other sitcom in the world . it airs on the television channel bbc one . roy clarke writes the show and alan j. w. bell produces and directs it . it started as an episode of the television show " comedy playhouse " and originally aired on 4 january 1973 . the first series of episodes started airing on 12 november 1973 . the show just finished showing its 29th series and a 30th series is in production . " last of the summer wine " was filmed in and around holmfirth , west yorkshire , england . it features three older men who never get old and act like they are children . the three originally were norman clegg ( peter sallis ) , cyril blamire ( michael bates ) , and compo simmonite ( bill owen ) . after two years , blamire left the show . in his place , brian wilde joined as foggy dewhurst . the current cast is russ abbot as hobbo hobdyke , burt kwouk as entwistle , and brian murphy as alvin smedley.some think the show is not as good as it used to be . many people continue watching it , though , and praise it for portraying older people well and for its family - friendly humour . members of the british royal family enjoy the show . the show has been nominated for some awards and won the national television award for most popular comedy programme in 1999 . there have been many holiday specials , two television movies , and a documentary movie about the series . " last of the summer wine " has inspired other adaptations , including a television prequel , several novelisations , and a stage adaptation .
albert einstein ( 14 march 1879 – 18 april 1955 ) was a german - born scientist . he worked on theoretical physics . he developed the theory of relativity . he received the nobel prize in physics in 1921 for theoretical physics . his famous equation is formula_1 ( e = energy , m = mass , c = speed of light ) . at the beginning of his career , einstein did not think that newtonian mechanics was enough to reconcile ( bring together ) the laws of classical mechanics and the laws of the electromagnetic field . between 1902 – 1909 he developed the theory of special relativity to correct that . einstein also thought that isaac newton 's idea of gravity was not completely correct . so , he extended his ideas on special relativity to include gravity . in 1916 he published a paper on general relativity with his theory of gravitation.in 1933 , einstein was visiting the united states . in germany , adolf hitler and the nazis came to power . einstein , being of jewish ethnicity , did not return to germany due to hitler ’s anti-semitic policies . he lived in the united states and became an american citizen in 1940 . on the beginning of world war ii , he sent a letter to president franklin d. roosevelt explaining to him that germany was in the process of making a nuclear weapon ; so einstein recommended that the us should also make one . this led to the manhattan project , and the us became the first nation in history to create and use the atomic bomb ( not on germany though but japan ) . einstein and other physicists like richard feynman who worked on the manhattan project later regretted that the bomb was used on japan.einstein lived in princeton and was one of the first members invited to the institute for advanced study , where he worked for the remainder of his life . he is widely considered one of the greatest scientists of all time . his contributions helped lay the foundations for all modern branches of physics , including quantum mechanics and relativity .
arianism is a doctrine that came from arius , a priest who taught in alexandria . to many christians , the teachings of arianism are heretical and are not the correct christian teachings . for this reason , arianism has stopped being practiced today , but arians were a powerful part of christianity from the 4th to the 7th centuries ad.arianism simply teaches that jesus was not god . for this reason , arianism opposes the dogma of the holy trinity . in 325 ad , the nicene creed was made , which the early christians used to defeat arianism , with the statement : " we believe in one lord jesus christ , the " son of god " ... begotten , not made , " consubstantial with " the father . "
physical can mean :
portland can mean :
alpha may mean :
salt could mean :
joseph could mean :
madonna could mean :
qed may mean :
burst may refer to :
enigma may refer to :
baden district may refer to :
aberfoyle may mean :
thriller can refer to several things :
list of bridges is a work in progress .
jack peddie is a former football player .
panama is a village in illinois in the united states .
stockton is a city in iowa in the united states .
gillespie is a city in illinois in the united states .
needamangalam taluk is a taluk in india .
anita is a city in iowa in the united states .
lisbon is a city in iowa in the united states .
kennedy is a town in alabama in the united states .
kelley is a city in iowa in the united states .
cambridge is a city in iowa in the united states .
newport is a city in the us state of arkansas .
the zlib license is an open source software license .
lebanon is a city of kentucky in the united states .
the battle of yorktown can be any of the following :
varina is a city in iowa in the united states .
pleasureville is a city of kentucky in the united states .
huxley is a city in iowa in the united states .
stites is a city in idaho in the united states .
post falls is a city in idaho in the united states .
the japanese giant flying squirrel is a species of flying squirrel .
harz is a rural district in saxony - anhalt , germany .
benton county is the name of nine counties in the united states :
williams county is the name of two counties in the united states :
alvord is a city in iowa in the united states .
warren county is the name of fourteen counties in the united states :
okarche is a town in oklahoma in the united states .
luxemburg is a city in iowa in the united states .
vermilion is a city in ohio in the united states .
amherst is a city in the u.s. state of texas .
eclectic is a town in the u.s. state of alabama .
cumberland is a city in the state of iowa in the united states .
plains is a town in the u.s. state of texas .
laura spencer ( born may 8 , 1986 ) is an american actress .
lancaster is a city in the u.s. state of kentucky .
linnumäe is a village in pühalepa parish , hiiu county in northwestern estonia .
butler is a city in the state of indiana , in the united states .
dixonville is an unincorporated community in indiana county , pennsylvania , united states .
greenfield is a city in the state of indiana , in the united states .
the bangweulu wetlands are a wetland area in north - eastern zambia .
, formerly , is the wife of japan 's emperor akihito .
six flags america is a theme park in upper marlboro , maryland .
house of commons is the name of the lower house in several commonwealth parliaments
beggars banquet is a 1968 album by british band the rolling stones .
saint - étienne - du - bois is the name of two communes in france :
ryland heights is a city in kenton county , kentucky in the united states .
calvin klein inc. is an american fashion brand founded in 1968 by calvin klein .
muzykalnaya gazeta was a belarusian newspaper about music and show business .
larkana or larkano ( , ) is a district of sindh province of pakistan .
the daily mirror is a british newspaper . it was founded on 2 november 1903 .
tollet is a municipality in grieskirchen in the austrian state of upper austria .
the royal museums of fine arts of belgium is one of the most famous museums in belgium .
mount jackson , virginia , is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
kuala terengganu is the capital of the malaysian state of terengganu .
walker can be any of the following : in geography : in modern culture : in other usage :
hainburg is a village in the offenbach rural district in the state of hesse , germany .
saint - martin is a municipality of the district hérens in the canton of valais in switzerland .
pärnu is the fourth - largest city in estonia . it has 39,828 people .
the ford focus is a small car made by ford motor company from 1998 to the present day .
this page shows the standings and results for group f of the uefa euro 2012 qualifying tournament.key :
wisen is a municipality of the district of gösgen in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
the comptroller of illinois is an elected official of the u.s. state of illinois .
the beyoncé experience was a 2007 worldwide concert tour by american singer , songwriter , and actress beyoncé knowles .
a hybrid plasmid is a plasmid that contains an inserted piece of foreign dna .
treignat is a commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
niederhergheim is a commune in the haut - rhin department of east france .
center is a village in nebraska in the united states . it is the county seat of knox county .
wartau is a municipality in werdenberg in the canton of st. gallen in switzerland .
salem municipality ( ) is a municipality in stockholm county in central sweden . the seat is in salem .
chiquimula is a department in guatemala . the capital is also named chiquimula .
theresa saldana ( august 20 , 1954 – june 6 , 2016 ) was an american actress and author .
a photoreceptor cell is a specialized nerve cell that is sensitive to certain wavelengths of light .
mathon ( ) is a municipality of the district hinterrhein in the canton of graubünden in switzerland .
in general , conversion is the transformation of one thing into another . articles on particular kinds of conversion are :
chemilly is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
beaupuy is a commune in the haute - garonne department . it is in southwest france .
kälarne is a locality in bräcke municipality in jämtland county in sweden . in 2010 , 451 people lived there .
agco corporation is an american agricultural equipment manufacturer . their headquarters are in duluth , georgia , united states .
retz is a town of the district of hollabrunn in the austrian state of lower austria .
gossau is a municipality in st. gallen in the canton of st. gallen in switzerland .
eminence is a city in missouri , united states . it is the county seat of shannon county .
glen allen is a town in the u.s. state of alabama . it is near interstate 22 .
funago was born in gifu . he has amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( als ) .
iuka is a city in pratt county , kansas , united states . in 2010 , 163 people lived there .
wells is a town in maine . rapper spose grew up in wells . wells beach is in wells .
wiener s.c. ( wiener sport - club also wsc ) is a football club which plays in austria .
kishtwar national park is a national park in the doda district of jammu and kashmir , northern pakistan .
evilard is a municipality in the administrative district biel / bienne in the canton of berne in switzerland .
legal education is the education of people who wish to become legal professionals or those who wish to earn their law degree .
kowloon west is a geographical constituency of the legislative council of hong kong . it was created in 1998 .
collins john ( born 17 october 1985 ) is a dutch football player . he has played for netherlands national team .
a cartoon is a drawing . the word " cartoon " has been used in several different ways in the world .
engi is a former municipality , in the municipality of glarus süd and canton of glarus in switzerland .
collected is a best - hits album by trip - hop band massive attack . it has material on cd and dvd .
faux - villecerf is a commune of the aube " département " in the north - central part of france .
ebnat - kappel is a municipality in toggenburg in the canton of st. gallen in switzerland .
weston is a town in windsor county , vermont , united states . the population was 566 at the 2010 census .
beverly hills is a city in the u.s. state of texas . it is in mclennan county .
l'île - saint - denis is a commune . it is found in the seine - saint - denis department in france .
annie up is the second studio album by pistol annies . the album was released on may 7 , 2013 through .
the 1917 south american championship was the second south american championship and it took place in uruguay . uruguay won the tournament .
hälleforsnäs is an urban area in the county of södermanland in sweden . it is located within the municipality of flen .
landrévarzec ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
michael konsel ( born 6 march 1962 ) is a retired austrian football player who played as goalkeeper in austria and italy .
vron is a commune . it is in the region picardie in the somme department in the north of france .
serres - morlaàs is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
coimbatore ( south ) taluk is a taluk of coimbatore city of the indian state of tamil nadu .
leo wilden ( born 3 july 1936 ) is a former german football player . he played for west germany national team .
san diego is a city in the u.s. state of texas . it is the county seat of duval county .
volvo s60 is a car produced by volvo from 2000 to the present day . it entered its second generation in 2010 .
stora vika is a locality in nynäshamn municipality in stockholm county in sweden . in 2010 , 651 people lived there .
nässjö municipality ( , nässjö kommun ) is a municipality in jönköping county in southern sweden . the seat is in nässjö .
claudio reyna ( born 20 july 1973 ) is a former american soccer player . he has played for united states national team .
remscheid is a city in the german state of north rhine - westphalia.it has about 115,000 inhabitants .
rita süssmuth ( ; born 17 february 1937 ) is a german politician and a member of the christian democratic union ( cdu ) .
woodruff or galium odoratum is a plant used for herbical medicine . it grows to 30 - 50 cm long .
la ferrière is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
artillery in japan is recorded in the 13th century . it was not used widely before the sengoku period in the 16th century .
hippolytpuszta is a former village , now a part of szabadegyháza , hungary . the postal code is 2432 .
landudal ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
okan buruk ( born 19 october 1973 ) is a turkish football player . he plays for istanbul and turkey national team .
chartres is a french commune in the eure - et - loir department . about 39,000 people live there .
tritiated water is a type of water where the hydrogen atoms are replaced with tritium . tritiated water is radioactive .
becontree station is a london underground station on the district line , in becontree . the station is in zone 5 .
bellaire is a village in belmont county , ohio , united states . the population was 4,278 at the 2010 census .
the president of brazil ( or president of the federative republic of brazil ) is the head of state and head of government of brazil .
tagsdorf is a commune in the haut - rhin department of eastern france . in 2016 , 297 people lived in the commune .
labastide - villefranche is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
bergeforsen is a locality in timrå municipality in västernorrland county in sweden . in 2010 , 1,563 people lived there .
weldon is a town in halifax county , north carolina , united states . the population was 1,655 at the 2010 census .
pearisburg , virginia is a town in the u.s. state of virginia . it is the county seat of giles county .
brusque is a city of the santa catarina state , in brazil . the biggest city in santa catarina is joinville .
caviidae are a group of rodents that live in south america . some caviidae are guinea pigs and capybaras .
rafael van der vaart ( born 11 february 1983 ) is a dutch football player . he plays for tottenham hotspur and netherlands national team .
dimitar berbatov ( born 30 january 1981 ) is a bulgarian football player . he plays for fulham and bulgaria national team .
são paulo ( portuguese : saint paul ) is a state in the southeast region of brazil . its capital city is called são paulo too .
jemison is a city in chilton county , alabama , united states . at the 2010 census , the population was 2,585 .
lothar emmerich ( 29 november 1941 - 13 august 2003 ) was a german football player . he played for west germany national team .
jõgeva county is a county in estonia . the capital city is also named jõgeva.the county is divided into municipalities . there are three rural municipalities :
shemiranat county ( ) is a county of the tehran province in iran . the capital of the county is shemiranat .
a is a type of japanese novel . it is mainly intended for young adults to read . they are sometimes adapted into manga and anime .
in physics , gauss 's law for magnetism is one of the four maxwell 's equations that underlie classical electrodynamics .
maizet is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
nowshera is a city in pakistan . it is in the khyber pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of nowshera district .
aveluy is a commune . it is in the region hauts - de-france in the somme department in the north of france .
below the list of programs previously aired by ibc 13 . for the current shows of this network , see list of programs broadcast by ibc .
marlesford is a village and civil parish in suffolk coastal , suffolk , england . in 2001 there were 223 people living in marlesford .
manoela latini gavassi francisco ( born january 4 , 1993 ) is an brazilain singer , songwriter , actress , writer and directora
wwe studios ( formerly known as wwe films ) is a world wrestling entertainment movie and television production company that is starring , produced or directed by wwe talent .
queen máxima of the netherlands ( born as " máxima zorreguieta " ; 17 may 1971 ) is the wife of king willem - alexander ,
stacey augmon is a retired american basketball player . augmon had the nickname " plastic man " due to his athletic ability to " stretch " .
rye is a small town of about 4,500 people in rother , east sussex , england . rye 's postcode is tn31 .
ammonium chlorate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is nhclo . it contains ammonium and chlorate ions .
the weimar republic ( german : " weimarer republik " ) is the name now used for the republic that governed germany from 1919 to 1933 .
" when you 're gone " is a song performed by the canadian singer avril lavigne for her 2007 album " the best damn thing " .
cottun is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
skogstorp is a locality in falkenberg municipality in halland county in sweden . in 2010 , 2,124 people lived there .
drom is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
smedjebacken municipality ( ) is a municipality in dalarna county in central sweden . the seat is in smedjebacken .
jackie gleason ( john herbert gleason ; february 26 , 1916 – june 24 , 1987 ) was an american comedian , actor , and musician .
white zombie was an american heavy metal band . white zombie was originally a noise rock band , but they are better - known for their later heavy metal sound .
tamara macarena valcárcel serrano ( born 27 june 1984 ) is a singer from seville , spain . she is the granddaughter of singer rafael farina .
a sloppy joe is an american dish of ground beef , onions , sweetened tomato sauce or ketchup and other seasonings , served on a hamburger bun .
achtrup ( ; north frisian : " åktoorp " ) is a municipality in the nordfriesland district , in schleswig - holstein , germany .
brookside is a town in north - central jefferson county , alabama , united states . as of the 2010 census , the population was 1,363 .
plainfield is a town in connecticut . it is part of windham county . there were 14,619 people living in plainfield in 2000 .
warren county is a county of ohio in the united states . in 2010 , 212,693 people lived there . the county seat of lebanon .
ngc 520 is a pair of colliding spiral galaxy in the constellation of pisces . it is about 90 million light - years away from earth .
cresseveuille is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
otto wichterle ( 27 october 1913 now in the czech republic – 18 august 1998 ) was a czech chemist known for his invention of modern soft contact lenses .
elbert glover is a researcher and writer . he mainly writes about tobacco addiction . he is the director of the tobacco research center at the west virginia university .
bollinger county is a county in missouri , united states . the county seat is marble hill . in 2010 , 12,363 people lived there .
coclé is a province of panama . the province is in central panama on the southern coast along the pacific ocean . the provincial capital is the city of penonomé .
the legend of zelda : four swords adventures , known in japan as , is an action adventure video game made by nintendo for the nintendo gamecube game console .
typhoon francisco was a typhoon that devastated japan , especially kyushu , and south korea . it was the next typhoon after typhoon wutip of the 2019 pacific typhoon season .
gadfly is used for term for horse - fly or botfly . they are ectoparasites of mammals which drive the animals almost crazy with irritation .
may - sur - orne is a commune . it is in the region of basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
the sandman is a children 's book written by ralph fletcher with drawings by richard cowdrey . it was first published in 2008 by henry holt and company .
sarah elizabeth hughes ( born may 2 , 1985 in great neck , new york ) is an american figure skater . hughes won a gold medal during the 2002 winter olympics .
josé maría de pereda ( february 6 1833 , polanco – march 1 1906 , polanco ) was one of the most important of modern spanish novelists .
cass county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 30,464 people lived there . the county seat is linden .
a sing - along is an event where people sing songs together . the song leader can use a book of song lyrics and / or music as well as an instrument .
peer is a municipality in the belgian province of limburg.in 2007 , 15943 people lived there.it is at 51 ° 08 north , 05 ° 27 east .
malcolm james mccusker ( born 6 august 1938 ) is an australian barrister and philanthropist . he was the 31st governor of western australia from july 2011 to june 2014 .
sin city is the title of a number of stories by frank miller , written in a comic book - style and the name of a movie that is based on the books .
chavagnes - en - paillers is a commune . it is in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
their satanic majesties request is the eighth american studio album and first worldwide studio album by the rolling stones . the album was released on december 8 , 1967 .
tintigny is a municipality in the belgian province of luxembourg.in 2007 , 3739 people lived there.it is at 49 ° 41 north , 05 ° 30 east .
launay - villiers is a commune of 350 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
courchavon is a municipality of the district of porrentruy in the canton of jura in switzerland.courchavon is also famous for its swiss chocolate .
la comté is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
sannes is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
what i have written is a 1996 australian erotic drama movie directed by john hughes and starring gillian jones , martin jacobs , jacek koman , julie forsyth , angie milliken .
canton is a city in and the county seat of cherokee county , georgia , united states . as of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 22,958 .
gentilino is a village in the canton of ticino , switzerland.the former municipality was merged with two other villages to form the new municipality of collina d'oro .
central oklahoma is the geographical name for the central region of the u.s. state of oklahoma . it is also known by the oklahoma department of tourism designation , frontier country .
a leaf blower is a gardening tool uses air to move yard debris like leaves . some leaf blowers can also suck leaves through a vacuum , and them into a bag .
villers - bocage , calvados is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
beutin is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
phillipsburg is a city in phillips county , kansas , united states . it is also the county seat of phillips county . in 2010 , 2,581 people lived there .
the arrondissement of angoulême is an arrondissement of france , in the charente department , nouvelle - aquitaine region . its capital , and prefecture of the department , is the city of angoulême .
lauren nelson ( born november 26 , 1986 ) is an american beauty queen from lawton , oklahoma . she was miss america 2007 . before that , she was miss oklahoma 2006 .
bladen county is a county in the u.s. state of north carolina . in 2000 , 32,278 people lived there . its county seat is elizabethtown .
balokassar is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of choa saidan shah tehsil .
mclennan county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 234,906 people lived there . the county seat is waco .
the mongolian hamster ( " allocricetulus curtatus " ) is a species of rodent in the cricetidae family . it is found in china and mongolia .
voeren is a municipality in the belgian province of limburg.in 2007 , 4261 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 45 north , 05 ° 45 east .
porfirio lobo sosa ( born 22 december 1947 ) , known as pepe lobo is a honduran politician . he was president of honduras from 2010 to 2014 .
avoyelles is a parish of louisiana in the united states . the parish seat is marksville . in the 2010 count , 42,073 people lived in this parish .
a throne is the official chair or seat upon which a monarch ( royal ruler ) is seated on state or ceremonial occasions . the word " throne " can also refer to the monarchy itself .
ablainzevelle is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
catalepsy is a nervous condition . the body is fixed , with rigid muscles and fixed posture . the body position does not respond to stimuli , and there is decreased sensitivity to pain .
kuthwal is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan . it is northwest of abbottabad city ( the district capital ) .
ambush at cimarron pass is a 1958 american western movie directed by jodie copelan and stars scott brady , clint eastwood , margia dean , irving bacon and distributed by 20th century fox .
charles the younger ( 772 - 4 december 811 ) was frankish king of neustria and franken . his parents were the frankish emperor charlemagne and hildegard of swabia .
mcclure is an unincorporated community in dickenson county , virginia , united states . mcclure is located along the mcclure river and virginia state route 63 southeast of clintwood .
jordi cruyff ( born 9 february 1974 ) is a dutch football player turned manager . he played for netherlands national team . he is the son of johan cruijff .
a mathematical proof is a way to show that a mathematical theorem is true . one must show that the theorem is true in all cases.there are different ways of proving a mathematical theorem .
spandau ballet are an english pop group . the band became active in 1979 and split in 1990 . they reformed in 2009 . " true " is one of their biggest hits .
borgia norrköping bk is a bandy club in norrköping , sweden , established in 1941 . the men 's bandy team played in the swedish top division during the season of 1988 - 1989 .
the foucault pendulum , or foucault 's pendulum ( named after the french physicist léon foucault ) was created as an experiment to show the rotation of the earth .
matthew thomas morgan ( born september 10 , 1976 in fairfield , connecticut ) is an american professional wrestler that is currently signed to tna wrestling wrestling under the ring name , " the blueprint " matt morgan .
bromsgrove is a town in the north of worcestershire . the town is about north - east of worcester and south - west of birmingham . 29,237 people lived there in 2001 .
lasswade is a town in midlothian , scotland , uk . it is between loanhead and dalkeith . it merged ( joined ) with bonnyrigg in 1929 .
the vancouver canucks are an ice hockey team in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . they started to play in the nhl in 1970 . they play in vancouver , british columbia at rogers arena .
morarji ranchhodji desai ( 29 february 1896 – 10 april 1995 ) was an indian activist and politician . between 1977 and 1979 , he was the 4th prime minister of india .
the prairie rattlesnake ( " crotalus viridis " ) is a species of venomous pit vipers . there is currently only one subspecies recognized , not including the nominate subspecies .
zeist is a town in utrecht province , netherlands . it is east of the city of utrecht . the most famous site in zeist is slot zeist . it is an historical building .
kembs is a commune . it is in the haut - rhin department . this in the east of france . it was founded during roman times as the city of cambete .
the epicenter or epicentre is the point on the earth 's surface that is directly above the hypocenter or focus . it is the point where an earthquake or underground explosion originates .
danny blind ( born 1 august 1961 ) is a former dutch football player . he played for netherlands national team . his son , daley blind , plays for manchester united and the netherlands national team .
plymouth county is a county in the u.s. state of massachusetts . as of the 2010 census , the population was 494,919 . the county seats are plymouth and brockton .
in 794 , emperor kammu established this city as japan 's capital . the move from heijō - kyō to heian - kyo marks the beginning of the heian period of japanese history .
michael conlan ( born 19 november , 1991 ) is an irish boxer who got a bronze medal at the 2012 summer olympics representing ireland . he is currently 3rd in the world in his division , the fly .
brancourt - le - grand is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france . in 2015 , 585 people lived there .
7 ( vii ) is a common year of the julian calendar which started on a saturday . according to the gregorian calendar , it started on a monday . it was the 7th year of the 1st century .
terrassa cathedral , or the cathedral basilica of the holy spirit ( , ) , is a roman catholic cathedral on the plaça vella of terrassa . it is the seat of the diocese of terrassa .
the arrondissement of nogent - sur - seine is an arrondissement of france . it is in the aube department , grand est region . its capital is the city of nogent - sur - seine .
angelroda is a former municipality of the district ilm - kreis rural district , in thuringia , germany . since 31 december 2019 , it is part of the municipality martinroda .
slaviša stojanović ( born 6 december 1969 ) is a former slovenian footballer and manager . he is currently managing red star belgrade in the serbian superliga . stojanović has won the slovenian prvaliga twice with domžale .
ivan hašek ( born 6 september 1963 ) is a former czech football player . he has played for czechoslovakia national team and czech republic national team.in 2011 , he became coach of al ahli in dubai .
northland state was a the state that existed before khatumo existed with its capital at las anod . it existed between 2008 and 2009 . it was located between puntland and somaliland .
bisma karisma ( born in bandung , west java , indonesia , november 27 , 1990 ) is an indonesian singer , dancer and actor . he is a member of the boy band sm * sh .
blythburgh is a village and civil parish in suffolk coastal , suffolk , england . in 2001 , there were 312 people living in blythburgh . it has a church called holy trinity .
christine charbonneau ( 18 october 1943 – 29 may 2014 ) was a canadian singer and songwriter . she made her first appearance in 1973 . she worked with celine dion during her thirty - year career .
gigondas is a commune of 648 people ( 1999 ) . it is in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
bailleul - sir - berthoult is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
the 2011 – 12 national league a season was the fifth ice hockey season of the national league a since the reorganization of the swiss league . 12 teams participated in the league , which was won by ev zug .
conejos county is a county in the state of colorado in the united states . as of the 2010 census , 8,256 people lived there . the county seat is the unincorporated community of conejos .
paktika ( ) is one of the 34 provinces of afghanistan . it is in the south - east of the country . most of the people are pashtun . its capital is sharana .
the berlin state opera , known in germany as staatsoper unter den linden is a world famous german opera company . its permanent home is the opera house on the unter den linden boulevard in berlin .
provolone is a type of italian blue cheese . they are 10 - 15 cm in size . provolone , provola , and provoleta are versions of the same basic cheese .
the 2016 winter youth olympic games , officially known as the ii olympic youth winter games , is an international winter sports event that was held from 12 - 21 february 2016 . the host city was lillehammer , norway .
richard " richie " benaud obe ( ; 6 october 1930 – 10 april 2015 ) was an australian cricketer . after his retirement from international cricket in 1964 , he became a well - known commentator on the game .
reba mcentire ( born march 28 , 1955 ) is an american country music singer , songwriter and actress . she has many hit songs . she acted in a tv comedy called " reba " .
roquefort - des - corbières is a commune of 664 people ( 1999 ) . it is located in the region languedoc - roussillon in the aude department in the south of france .
the vanchit bahujan aghadi ( translation : deprived majority front ; vba ) is an indian political party founded by prakash ambedkar on 20 march 2018 . the party primary based in maharashtra .
kfc uerdingen 05 is a football club from the uerdingen district of krefeld in germany . the club plays in the nrw - liga , which is the 5th division in germany .
honiton is a town in devon , england , near the a30 road . many people like honiton , which you can tell by all the vandalism on this page saying how great it is .
klaus hänsch ( born 15 december 1938 ) is a german politician . he was a member of the european parliament representing the spd from 17 july 1979 until 13 july 2009 , and sat with the party of european socialists group .
pope benedict xiv ( ; 31 march 1675 – 3 may 1758 ) , born prospero lorenzo lambertini , was an italian priest of the roman catholic church and the 248th pope from 1740 until his death in 1758 .
bon scott ( 9 july 1946 – 19 february 1980 ) was a scottish - australian singer - songwriter . he was the lead singer of hard rock band ac / dc from 1974 until he died of alcohol poisoning in 1980 .
guelders or gueldres ( , ) is the name of a historical county . this became a duchy ( " lands ruled by a duke or duchess " ) of the holy roman empire , in the low countries .
the dalles is a city in oregon in the united states . it is the county seat of wasco county . as of the 2010 census , 13,620 people live here and is on the columbia river .
la flocellière is a former commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france . on 1 january 2016 , it became a part of the new commune of sèvremont .
bamba ( ) is an israeli corn snack . it is a popular snack for children.bamba has been made since 1963 with no decline in sales . bamba makes up 25 % of the israeli snack market .
butler county is a county in the u.s. state of nebraska . as of the 2010 census , 8,395 people lived there . the county seat is david city . it was founded in 1856 .
the hyundai grandeur is a car made by hyundai motor company . it was first sold in 1986 . in north america the car was called hyundai xg ( third generation ) and hyundai azera ( fourth generation ) .
hanau is a town in hesse , germany . it is 25 km east of frankfurt am main , where the little river kinzig joins the river main . about 100,000 people live in hanau .
the university of idaho is a public university in moscow , idaho . the university has about 11,957 students . it was founded in 1889 . the current president of the university is m. duane nellis .
the riau islands is a province in indonesia . tanjung pinang is its capital city . its official language is riau . in 2007 , the population was around 1,392,900 .
salta is a province in the north of argentina . it has a population of 1,000,000 . it is famous for its wonderful natural views and the old architecture in the provincial capital , salta city .
the fresh film festival is an event for children in limerick , ireland . they learn about things related to movies . this is a long - running festival that began in 1997 . the festival wants children to learn to make movies .
charles august lindbergh , sr. ( january 20 , 1859 – may 24 , 1924 ) , was a united states congressman for 6th district of minnesota from 1907 to 1917 . he was the father of charles lindbergh .
monroe county is a county in the u.s. state of florida . it was formed on july 3 , 1823 . as of 2005 , the population is 81,413 . its county seat is key west .
phidim is a municipality of nepal . it is in the panchthar district of the mechi zone . this municipality was made by merging phidim , chokmagu and siwa villages on 18 may 2014 .
a christmas stocking is a long sock hung by a fireplace or bed on christmas eve . christmas presents are put into it for children . and it came from an old legend , which have now turned into a european tradition .
nayarit is a middle sized mexican state . it is on the west coast of mexico ( on the pacific ocean shore ) . native people from nayarit are called nayaritas ( singular : nayarita ) .
coutoucou hubert maga ( august 10 , 1916 – may 8 , 2000 ) was a beninese politician . he was the 1st president of benin from 1960 to 1963 . he also was prime minister of benin .
central abaco is one of the districts of the bahamas . it is in the abaco islands . the district has the largest town in the abacos , marsh harbour . some of the more noticeable settlements are listed below :
state of georgia is an american television situation comedy . the show started on abc family on june 29 , 2011 . the show will be raven - symoné 's first sitcom since " that 's so raven " on disney channel .
the california state senate is the upper house of the california state legislature . it has 40 members . there are 29 from the democratic party , and 11 from the republican party . it meets at the california state capitol in sacramento .
the montreal maroons ( officially the montreal professional hockey club ) was a professional ice hockey team in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . they played in the nhl from 1924 to 1938 , winning the stanley cup in 1926 and 1935 .
avram noam chomsky ( born december 7 , 1928 ) is an american linguist , philosopher , political activist , author , and lecturer . he is an institute professor and professor emeritus of linguistics at the massachusetts institute of technology .
fr lorenzo milani comparetti ( may 27 , 1923 – june 26 , 1967 ) was a priest of the catholic church in italy . he is best known as an educator of poor children , and being for conscientious objection .
alexander smart ( may 29 , 1918 – april 18 , 2005 ) was a canadian ice hockey forward . he played one season for the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league and spent the majority of his career in the quebec senior hockey league .
gas is a city in the northwestern part of allen county , in southeast kansas , in the central united states . in 2010 , 564 people lived there . the city was named for the natural gas that was found in the area .
center , officially the town of center , is a statutory town in rio grande and saguache counties in the u.s. state of colorado . the town 's population was 2,230 at the 2010 united states census .
zweites deutsches fernsehen ( ) is the second public broadcasting coorparation that was founded in germany . the head office is in the city of mainz . the service is also available for free in high definition .
orangeburg county is a county in the u.s. state of south carolina . as of the 2010 census , 92,501 people lived there . its county seat is orangeburg . the county was formed in 1769 .
mullsjö ais is a floorball club in mullsjö in sweden . it was established on 1 november 1989 by a group from the mullsjö mission covenant church . on 2 march 2008 , the men 's team qualified for the swedish top division .
scott r. wagner ( born 1955 ) is an american businessman and politician . he represented the 28th district in the pennsylvania state senate . he was the republican nominee for governor of pennsylvania in the 2018 election , but lost to incumbent tom wolf .
grayeagle is a 1977 american western movie directed by charles b . pierce ( who also stars ) and stars ben johnson , paul fix , iron eyes cody , lana wood , jack elam . it was distributed by american international pictures .
skutskär is a town in the county of gävleborg in sweden . it is in älvkarleby municipality . skutskär is the home of sports club skutskärs if , which was successful back in the 1940s and 1950s , winning the swedish national bandy championship titles .
central development region ( nepali : मध्यमाञ्चल विकास क्षेत्र - madyamānchal bikās kshetra ) is one of nepal 's five development regions . it is in the east - central part of the country with headquarters at hetauda .
henderson is a city and the county seat of rusk county , northeast texas , united states . the population was 13,712 at the 2010 census . henderson is named for james pinckney henderson , the first governor of texas .
33 is a year in the 1st century . it was a common year starting on thursday of the julian calendar . at the time , it was known in the roman world as the year of the consulship of ocella and sulla .
corpus christi is latin for the body of christ . it is a catholic festival that occurs every year after trinity sunday . in 2013 it was on may 30 or june 2 . it celebrates the real presence of christ in the eucharist .
wesel is a city in the german state of north rhine - westphalia . wesel is near to duisburg and belongs to the ruhr area.it has about 60,000 inhabitants.it has been a city since 1241 .
year 15 bc was either a common year starting on tuesday , wednesday or thursday or a leap year starting on wednesday of the julian calendar . at the time , it was known as the year of the consulship of drusus and piso .
the president of trinidad and tobago is the person who is in charge of the country of trinidad and tobago . they help the country and its people . the office was created in 1976 after being declared independent . the first president was ellis clarke .
central pier is one of three piers in the town of blackpool , england . john isaac mawson designed the pier . it is long . the pier was opened 30 may 1868 . it was made mostly of cast iron with wooden decking .
basharat is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of choa saidan shah tehsil and is located at 32 ° 46 ' 60n 73 ° 5 ' 60e
khotian is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of chakwal tehsil and is located at 32 ° 46 ' 0n 73 ° 7 ' 0e .
la vespière is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of la vespière - friardel .
the 2016 iihf challenge cup of asia became the 9th iihf challenge cup of asia , an annual international ice hockey tournament held by the international ice hockey federation ( iihf ) . it took place between 12 and 18 march 2016 in abu dhabi , united arab emirates .
ragnar arthur granit ( 30 october , 1900 in riihimäki , finland — 31 march 1990 , in stockholm , sweden ) was a finnish - swedish doctor and scientist . he won the 1967 nobel prize in physiology or medicine for his work on the eye .
kathryn joosten ( december 20 , 1939 – june 2 , 2012 ) was an american television and voice actress . she was born in chicago , illinois . she won two emmy awards . she died of lung cancer in westlake village , california .
class 139 is the tops classification for ppm60 model lightweight railcar units built by parry people movers for use on the national rail network in great britain . the class were originally built in 2008 for operation on the stourbridge town branch line .
the mullsjö mission covenant church ( ) is a church building in mullsjö in sweden . it belongs to both the uniting church in sweden and the swedish alliance mission . the current building was opened in 1992 . it replaced an older building dated back to 1922 .
stevie wonder live is a 1970 live album by stevie wonder on the tamla label . it is wonder 's second live album . the album is an important point in his career to shows wonder 's from a performer to a genius singer - songwriter .
in geometry , a line segment is a line between two different end points . an example of a line segment is a side of a triangle . if the end points are on a curve , like a circle , then the line segment is called a chord .
kathrin romary beckinsale ( born 26 july 1973 ) is an english actress . she starred in the movies such as " pearl harbor " ( 2001 ) , " underworld " ( 2003 ) and " van helsing " ( 2004 ) .
cries and whispers ( ) is a 1972 swedish period drama movie directed by ingmar bergman and stars harriet andersson , liv ullmann , kari sylwan , ingrid thulin . it was nominated for 5 oscars and won for best cinematography in 1974 .
david beckham ( born 2 may 1975 ) is an english retired association football player . the teams he played for were manchester united , real madrid , los angeles galaxy , preston north end , ac milan , paris saint - germain , and the england national team .
fayetteville state university is a historically black university in fayetteville , north carolina . it is part of the university of north carolina system.this school began in 1867 . the name " fayetteville state university " was first used in 1969 .
the arrondissement of mâcon is an arrondissement of france . it is part of the saône - et - loire " département " in the bourgogne - franche - comté region . its capital , and prefecture of the department , is the city of mâcon .
a vanished world is a 1922 austrian adventure movie directed by alexander korda and based on the novel by lajos bíró . it stars alberto capozzi , victor varconi , maría corda , tibor lubinszky , gyula szőreghy .
the mexican football federation ( ) is the association that governs football in mexico . it is in charge of the men 's and women 's national teams . the association was started on august 22 , 1922 . its headquarters are based in mexico city .
pope innocent iv ( ; c. 1195 – december 7 , 1254 ) , born sinibaldo fieschi , was an italian cleric of the roman catholic church and the 181st pope from june 25 , 1243 until his death in 1254 .
extreme rules ( 2013 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view show made by wwe . it was held on may 19 , 2013 at the scottrade center in st. louis , missouri . it was the fifth extreme rules event held by the wwe .
mount holly is a township in burlington county , new jersey , united states . it is the county seat of burlington county as well as an eastern suburb of philadelphia . as of the 2010 united states census , the township 's population was 9,536 .
the 1963 atlantic hurricane season started on june 1 , 1963 , and ended in november 30 , 1963 . the most famous hurricane of the season was hurricane flora . it was one of the most deadly . it killed 7,200 people as in haiti and cuba .
peristeri ( ) is a suburban municipality in the northwestern part of athens agglomeration , greece . it has 139,981 inhabitants ( 2011 census ) . it is the seventh - largest municipality of greece by population . it is about .
the change - up is a 2011 american comedy movie produced by david dobkin , neal h. moritz , david furnish and gary barber and directed by david dobkin . " the change - up " was released on august 5 , 2011 in north america .
michelle sung wie ( born october 11 , 1989 ) is an american professional golfer . she plays on the lpga tour . around age ten , she became the youngest player to qualify for a usga amateur championship.wie was born in honolulu , hawaii .
erin is the color halfway between green and spring green on the color wheel . the color " erin " is named after the word " erin " , a poetic name for ireland.the first written use of " erin " as a color name in english was in 1922 .
if i ran the zoo is a children 's book published in 1950 and written by dr. seuss . it is about a child who goes to the zoo gets bored and starts describing all the fictional animals he would put in the zoo if he ran the zoo .
a hippie ( sometimes spelled as hippy ) is a label for a person of a particular counterculture that started in the united states and spread to other countries in the 1960s . hippies have their own opinions on drugs , sexual liberation , and women 's rights .
hawaii five - o is an american police procedural drama series . the show originally aired for 12 seasons from 1968 to 1980 , and continues in reruns . it was the longest - running police drama in television.the series was rebooted on cbs in 2010 .
the class 59 co-co diesel locomotives were built and introduced between 1985 and 1995 by general motors electro - motive diesel ( emd ) for private british companies , initially foster yeoman . they were designed for hauling heavy freight and designated jt26cw - ss .
a building model is either a physical ( real ) or virtual ( computer ) model of a building . very often , the physical model is smaller than the original ( scale model ) . there are three basic types of building models : architectural , structural and mathematical ( virtual ) .
lancaster is a city in fairfield county , ohio , in the united states . about 35,300 people were living in lancaster as of the year 2000 . it can be found by the hocking river . lancaster has an area of 18.1 square miles .
perry is a city in iowa in the united states . it is in dallas county . it is by the north raccoon river . there were 7,702 people living in perry at the 2010 census.tyson foods operates a pork plant in perry .
serik nyghmetuly akhmetov ( ; born 25 june 1958 ) is a kazakh politician . he was the 8th prime minister of kazakhstan from 24 september 2012 to 2 april 2014 and served as the minister of defense from 2 april to 22 october 2014 .
peace tv bangla is a bengali language islamic television network . peace tv programs are in bengali and some are dubbed into bengali language and telecast free - to - air . the founder and president of peace tv bangla is zakir naik , islamic preacher from india .
myrtle " kay " thompson cagle ( born june 3 , 1925 ) is an american pilot . she was born in south carolina . cagle was one of the mercury 13 female astronauts group . she has worked as a flight instructor and written about aviation in north carolina .
pernilla nina elisabeth wahlgren , born 24 december 1967 in gustavsberg , sweden , is a swedish singer , actress and presenter . in 2004 , she was awarded the ulla billquist award.her parents are actors christina schollin and hans wahlgren .
the nelson mandela bridge is a bridge in johannesburg , south africa . it was completed in 2003 . the reason why the bridge was built was to connect two important business areas of braamfontein and newton . it was named after president of south africa nelson mandela .
paul gust vallas ( born june 10 , 1953 ) is an american civil servant and politician . he is a democrat.he was the superintendent of many schools across the united states . some of those schools were located in philadelphia , new orleans , bridgeport , and cook county .
paypal is a website that allows the transfer of money among people , via web services and email . the money can be deposited into a bank account . paypal was owned by ebay , from 2002 to 2015 . it can be used in more than 200 countries .
the association aéronautique et astronautique de france ( 3af ) is the french national aeronautical and astronautical non-profit association . is has been created in 1971 and is located in paris.the main activity of 3af is to bring together people interested in aerospace activities .
the flag of the republic of kosovo was adopted after its independence from serbia on 17 february 2008 . the background of the flag is blue in color . a map of kosovo and six stars are on the map . officially , the stars mean kosovo 's six major ethnic groups .
thomas anders ( born bernd weidung , 1 march 1963 , koblenz , west germany ) is a german singer , composer and record producer . anders was the lead singer of modern talking , a famous german pop duo , between 1984 – 1987 and 1998 – 2003 .
the carotid artery is one of the major arteries of the human body . it helps blood flow to and from a human 's heart.in human anatomy , the left and right common carotid arterie are arteries that supply the head and neck with oxygenated blood .
paride tumburus ( 8 march 1939 - 3 october 2015 ) was an italian football player . he played for italy national team . he was a member of the italian team at the 1960 summer olympics and the 1962 fifa world cup . he died of a heart attack .
doctor of science is often abbreviated as scd , dsc , sd or ds . it is an academic research degree . because most scientists qualify as a phd the degree is not often awarded . sometimes it is used as a higher doctorate , and sometimes as an honorary degree .
debt is what someone owes to someone else . usually , debt is in the form of money , but it can also be items , services , favors , or other things . thus if you make an agreement to give or do something for someone else , you now owe a debt .
matthew todd lauer ( born december 30 , 1957 ) is a former american television news anchor . he was the co-host of nbc 's " today " show from 1997 to 2017 . in november 2017 , nbc fired lauer after multiple women accused him of sexual harassment .
the m65 is a motorway in lancashire , england . it starts from the m6 near preston , crosses the m61 before passing blackburn and burnley . the motorway ends in colne , where it links onto the a56 towards harrogate . the motorway is long .
jefferson county is a county in the u.s. state of iowa . as of the 2010 census , the population was 16,843 . the county seat is fairfield . the county was founded in january 1839 , and was named after u.s. president thomas jefferson .
hans gerhard creutzfeldt ( june 2 , 1885 – december 30 , 1964 ) was a german neuropathologist . he was the first to describe creutzfeldt - jakob disease . he was born in harburg upon elbe and died in munich .
pinhais is a city and municipality of greater curitiba , in paraná state , southern brazil . as of 2008 the city had 116,984 inhabitants , being the 12th most populous city in the state . in its territory lies the autódromo internacional de curitiba .
the public enemy is a 1931 american crime drama movie directed by william a. wellman and stars james cagney , edward woods , jean harlow , donald cook , joan blondell , mae clarke . it was distributed by warner bros. and was nominated for an academy award in 1931 .
melanie griffith ( born august 9 , 1957 ) is an american actress . she is the daughter of tippi hedren . she has been in many motion pictures . she is an academy award nominee and golden globe winner for her performance in the 1988 movie " working girl " .
the following is a list of notable deaths in october 2017 . for notable deaths before the current month , please see " previous months " . names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym . deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable .
the following is a list of notable deaths in december 2017 . for notable deaths before the current month , please see " previous months " . names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym . deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable .
hotchkiss school is a prep boarding school in the state of connecticut in the united states . it is a member of the g20 schools group and round square . for boarders it costs $ 49,940 including technology and health services fees . it started in 1891 .
while information for every storm that happened is not available , some parts of the coastline had enough people to give information of hurricane happenings . each season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation in the atlantic basin . most tropical cyclone formation occurs between june 1 and november 30 .
datong ( ) is a city in shanxi province , people 's republic of china.the number of inhabitants is 3,318,057 , as of the 2010 census.the city is an important distribution and warehousing center for shanxi , hebei and inner mongolia .
glenn ljungström was the guitarist of the swedish melodic death metal band in flames with jesper strömblad . he was a member of in flames from 1993 until 1997 , when he quit to find another job . glenn was also a guitarist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall from 1995 until 1997 .
the national assembly of thailand ( abrv : nat ; , , ) is the bicameral legislative branch of the government of thailand . ithe national assembly was created in 1932 after the adoption of thailand 's first constitution , which transformed thailand from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy .
a seneschal was an officer in the houses of important nobles in the middle ages . in the french administrative system of the middle ages , the sénéchal was also a royal officer in charge of justice and control of the administration in southern provinces , equal to the northern french " bailli " .
in physics and chemistry , a nucleon refers to any subatomic particle found in the nucleus of an atom . for instance , protons and neutrons are nucleons , since they are in the nucleus of the atom . nucleons are made of quarks .
machel montano ( born 24 november 1974 ) is a artist from trinidad and tobago . he is the lead of the soca band xtatik . he had his first hit as a youth with " too young to soca " . he then won the 1987 caribbean song festival .
the leduc 0.10 is an experimental jet aircraft . built in france , it was the first aircraft in the world to fly powered just by a ramjet . it was built in 1947 . in 2013 it is at the musée de l'air et de l'espace .
eleventh grade ( called grade 11 in some places , also known as junior year in the united states and australia ) is the second to last year of secondary education in the united states , as well as many other nations . students are usually 16 when they start and are 17 years old at the end .
setzu ( " sètzu " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sud sardegna in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 149 people lived there . its area is 7.77 km ² . it is 216 meters above sea level .
putifigari ( " potuvìgari " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sassari in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 729 people lived there . its area is 53.1 km ² . it is 267 meters above sea level .
batticaloa district ( " " ; ) is one of the 25 districts of sri lanka . it is part of the eastern province . the capital of the district is the city of batticaloa.ampara district was separated from the southern part of batticaloa district in april 1961 .
potsdamer platz is a place - like traffic junction in berlin 's mitte and tiergarten districts in the mitte district between the old city center in the east and the new berlin west . as a double - site facility , it connects to leipziger platz to the west .
the fighter is a 2010 biographical , sports and drama movie . this movie is about professional boxing . amy adams plays charlene . melissa leo plays alice.leo received an academy award for best supporting actress in 2011 . this movie was released on december 10 , 2010 in the united states .
prince karel schwarzenberg ( , born 10 december 1937 ) is a czech politician . he was the leader of the top 09 party . he was the party 's candidate for president of the czech republic in the 2013 election . he is a member of the chamber of deputies ( mp ) .
nicole " nikki " sinclaire ( born 26 july 1968 ) is a british politician . in june 2012 , she started we demand a referendum ( wdar ) , a political party . she was a member of the united kingdom independence party until 2010 . she was born in nicholas sinclaire in london .
reactos is a project to develop an operating system that is compatible with software for microsoft windows server 2003 and its successors . in 2018 , the project is still in its first stage of development . reactos is not based on linux or unix . reactos uses some code from the wine project .
you 're in the navy now is a 1951 american world war ii comedy movie directed by henry hathaway and starring gary cooper , jane greer , millard mitchell , eddie albert , charles bronson , lee marvin , ed begley , jack warden , jack webb and was distributed by 20th century fox .
partick thistle football club is a professional football team based at firhill stadium in glasgow , scotland . despite their name , the club are based in the maryhill area of the city , and have not played in partick since 1908 . currently , the team play in the scottishpremiership .
syd little ( born cyril john mead on 19 december 1942 ) is an english comedian . he is known for his work with eddie large in the double act little and large.in 2015 , little took part in bbc one 's " celebrity masterchef " and made it through to the third round .
karyn parsons ( born october 8 , 1966 ) is an american actress . she performs in television and movies . she was in " class act " in 1992 . she also had the role of hilary banks in " the fresh prince of bel - air " . parsons was born in los angeles .
charlotte harland scott ( born 13 november 1963 in blackheath , london ) is a british - born zambian economic and social development specialist . she was the first lady of zambia from october 2014 to january 2015 . her husband , guy scott , was acting president following the death of michael sata .
the , also known as the nara research institute for cultural properties or as nabunken , is a semi-governmental entity which focuses on the preservation of japan 's cultural heritage of objects , artworks and writings . " nabunken " is an independent administrative institution ( iai ) .
karnali ( ) is a zone in the mid-western development region of nepal . its headquarters is jumla . it is a remote region with no roads in or out . karnali is accessed by several airfields . it is one of the poorest regions in nepal .
the grumman c - 2 greyhound is an american military aircraft used for transport duties . it serve only with the united states navy on aircraft carrier . this kind of aircraft is known as cod for carrier onboard delivery . in 2020 it will be replaced by cmv - 22b osprey .
the strategic defense initiative ( sdi ) was a plan created by u.s. president ronald reagan on march 23 , 1983 to use ground and space - based systems to protect the united states from attack by nuclear ballistic missiles . the initiative focused on defense instead on the offensive mutual assured destruction ( mad ) .
john tyler ( march 29 , 1790 – january 18 , 1862 ) was the 10th president of the united states of america , from 1841 to 1845 . he was the first vice president to become president after the president before him died . he was also the first president born after the united states constitution was ratified .
warcraft ii : beyond the dark portal is an expansion pack developed by cyberlore studios , released in 1996 by blizzard entertainment for their award winning real - time strategy computer game " " . as with most computer game expansion packs , " beyond the dark portal " requires a full version of the original game to run .
los osos is an unincorporated community and a census - designated place located along the pacific coast of san luis obispo county , california . the community is part of the 93402 and 93412 zip codes and area code 805 . the population was 14,276 at the 2010 census .
in greek mythology , pontus or pontos ( , " póntos " - " sea " ) was one of the primordial deities , the personification of the sea . he was a son of gaia ( the earth ) , by whom he is the father of nereus and phorcys .
ongar tube station is a former london underground station in the town of chipping ongar , essex . until its closure in 1994 , it was the easternmost point of the central line , and from 1961 until its closure in 1994 it held the distinction of being the london underground station farthest from central london .
palmas arborea ( " pràmmas " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of oristano in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 1,514 people lived there . its area is 39.33 km ² . it is 4 meters above sea level .
mu ( uppercase / lowercase μ μ ) , is the letter of the greek alphabet , used to represent the " m " sound in ancient and modern greek . in the system of greek numerals , it has a value of 40 . letters that came from it include the roman m and cyrillic м .
the legend of zelda : spirit tracks , released as in japan , is the fifteenth game of nintendo 's " the legend of zelda series " . made by nintendo for the nintendo ds , it was released december 2009 after nintendo president satoru iwata announced the game at the 2009 game developers conference .
judgment day ( 2009 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view event produced by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) , which took place on may 17 , 2009 at the allstate arena in rosemont , illinois , < ref name = " date / location " > < / ref > a suburb of chicago .
division i is the highest level of college sports in the national collegiate athletic association ( ncaa ) in the united states . its schools generally have the biggest budgets , the best facilities , and offer more their students more athletic scholarships than divisions ii and iii.below is a list of sports conferences belonging to division i :
orthodox is a word about beliefs . it is made from two ancient greek words , ὀρθός " orthós " „ correct , straight “ and δόξα " dóxa " „ teaching , worship " . orthodoxy means a teaching that is supposed to be close to the original.in particular : in christianity : in judaism : jewish organisations :
in united states politics and government , the term presidential nominee has two different meanings : in united states presidential elections , the presumptive nominee is a presidential candidate who is certain to be their party 's nominee , but has not yet been formally nominated or elected by their political party at the party 's nominating convention .
samtse district ( dzongkha : བསམ རྩེ རྫོང ཁག ; wylie : " bsam - rtse rdzong - khag " ; older spelling " samchi " ) is one of the 20 districts in bhutan . the administrative centre is samtse.there are fifteen village blocks :
mingachevir , sometimes spelled mingecevir , is the fourth - biggest city in azerbaijan . there are about 100,000 people . it is known as the " city of lights " because of its hydroelectric power station on the kur river.mingechevir is home to mingechevir polytechnic institute .
house arrest is when someone has been arrested , but not put in prison . instead , they are made to stay in their homes , hence the term.a notable example of house arrest is aung san suu kyi of burma . she was under house arrest for much of the time between 1990 and 2010 .
the democrats ( , dem ) is a political party in brazil . it was founded in 1985 . it changed to its current name in 2007 . the original name reflected the party 's support of free market policies . the democrats ' identification number is 25 and its colors are green , blue , and white .
the plymouth fury was a 2 - door coupé or 4 - door sedan manufactured by plymouth from 1959 to 1978 . in 1959 , plymouth introduced the sport fury and the fury . plymouth manufactured the sport fury in 1959 only . however , plymouth reintroduced the sport fury in 1962 and manufactured the sport fury from 1962 to 1971 .
" side to side " is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande . it was released on august 30 , 2016 . it is the third single from her studio album , " dangerous woman " ( 2016 ) . it is a reggae - pop song , featuring guest vocals from rapper nicki minaj .
elliot goldenthal ( born may 2 , 1954 in brooklyn , new york city ) is an american composer of modern classical music . he was a student of aaron copland and john corigliano . goldenthal is best known for his ability to blend different musical styles and techniques in original and inventive ways .
the new york hall of science is a science and technology museum in new york city . it has over 400 exhibits on biology , chemistry and physics . the museum occupies one of the only remaining structures of the 1964 new york world 's fair in flushing meadow - corona park in the borough of queens in new york city .
baghlan ( persian / pashto : بغلان " baġlān " ) is one of the thirty - four provinces of afghanistan . it is in the north of the country . its capital is puli khumri . the name comes from a major town in the province , baghlan .
parker brothers is a toy and game manufacturer and brand . over almost 115 years , the company has created more than 1800 games ; some of them are " monopoly " , " cluedo " ( known as " clue " in north america ) , " risk " , trivial pursuit , ouija , aggravation and probe .
joseph bonnel ( 4 january 1939 – 13 february 2018 ) was a french football midfielder . he was born in florensac , france.bonnel was part of france in the fifa world cup 1966 . he scored 3 goals during the 1966 season.bonnel died on 13 february 2018 at the age of 79 .
pope innocent vi ( ; c. 1282 – september 12 , 1362 ) , born étienne aubert , was a french cleric of the roman catholic church and the 200th pope from december 18 , 1352 until his death in 1362 . he was the fifth of the seven popes who lived in avignon in france .
sarah josepha hale ( october 24 , 1788 – april 30 , 1879 ) was a 19th century american writer and magazine editor . she wrote the poem " mary had a little lamb " . she campaigned to make thanksgiving a national holiday , to make mount vernon a national shrine , and raised funds to complete the bunker hill monument .
villagrande strisaili ( " biddamànna strisàili " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of nuoro in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 3,248 people lived there . its area is 210.35 km ² . it is 700 meters above sea level .
the great western main line is a main line railway in england , that runs westwards from london paddington to . it opened in 1841 and was the original route of the old great western railway . in 1948 it became the western region of british railways . it is now part of the national rail system managed by network rail .
bernice albertine king ( born march 28 , 1963 ) is an american minister . she is the youngest child of the reverend martin luther king jr. and civil rights activist coretta scott king.king was five years old when her father was killed . she works for nonviolence.king was born in atlanta , georgia
sursk ( , 53 ° 05 'n 45 ° 42 ' e ) is town in penza oblast , russia . its population is near 7,500 ( 2005 ) . the town was founded in 1860 . sursk is located on the sura river 's left bank . it is 92 km from penza .
the stone boy is a 1984 american drama movie directed by christopher cain and is based on the 1957 short story of the same name by gina berriault . it stars robert duvall , jason presson , glenn close , dean cain , frederic forest , cindy fisher , linda hamilton , tom waits and was distributed by 20th century fox .
dawlish ( ) is a town on the south coast of devon , south west england . it is 12 miles from the county town of exeter . the town has a population of around 13,000 people . during the eighteenth century , it grew from a small fishing port to become a well - known seaside resort .
cherry jones ( born november 21 , 1956 ) is an american actress . she has won two tony awards , three drama desk awards , plus an emmy award . she played pamela duncan in the movie " erin brockovich " . she also played mimi in " the lady in question " . jones was born in paris , tennessee .
anaheim is a city in the united states . it was founded by german immigrants in 1857 . it is the home of disneyland , and two professional sports teams , the los angeles angels of anaheim ( baseball ) and the anaheim ducks ( ice hockey ) . in 2012 , there was a riot following a police officer shooting a man .
ciara quinn bravo ( born march 18 , 1997 in alexandria , kentucky ) is an american actress , singer , and voice actress . she is best known for her role in " big time rush " as katie knight . bravo is also known for voicing giselita in " open season 3 " and peaches in " " .
christian science is a christian restorationist religious movement founded in 19th - century new england by mary baker eddy . the name " christian science " can either be an informal name for the church , formally called the first church of christ , scientist , or can be used for what eddy said was the " science " or " law " of god .
edmond maire ( 24 january 1931 – 1 october 2017 ) was a french labor union leader . he was the secretary general of the french democratic confederation of labour from 1971 to 1988 . he was dismissive of strike actions and supported a more equal division of labour.maire died on 1 october 2017 in paris at the age of 86 .
kalmar btk is a table tennis club in the town of kalmar in sweden . it was established on 14 june 1960 . the club won the swedish national men 's team championship in the years of 1996 , 1999 , 2000 and 2002 . jan - ove waldner played for the club between 1996 and 2006 .
the boston national historical park ( est . october 1 , 1974 ) is a group of eight sites in boston , massachusetts associated with the american revolutionary war : the bunker hill monument ; charlestown navy yard ; dorchester heights ; faneuil hall ; old north church ; old south meeting house ; old state house ; and the paul revere house .
thayer academy is a private school that prepares people for college . it is in braintree , massachusetts . people from grades 6 – 12 can become students there . the school was made in 1871 , at the request of general sylvanus thayer . thayer academy is one of greater boston 's most well respected private school 's .
art garfunkel ( born november 5 , 1941 ) is an american singer of jewish descent . along with paul simon , he was part of the duo simon and garfunkel , a popular group in the 1960s and early 1970s . after that , he made several solo albums . he has also acted in a few movies .
new delhi ( ) is the capital city of the modern republic of india . it has a very old history and is home to several monuments . in traditional indian geography it falls under the north indian zone . the city has an area of about 42.7 km . new delhi has a population of about 9.4 million people .
alexander konstantinovich glazunov ( 10 august 186521 march 1936 ) was a russian composer , music teacher , and conductor . he was the director of the saint petersburg conservatory between 1905 and 1928 . he left the soviet union in 1928 and did not return . glazunov successfully reconciled nationalism and cosmopolitanism in russian music .
james albert smith leach ( born october 15 , 1942 ) is an american academic and politician . he was born in davenport , iowa . he was the ninth chair of the national endowment for the humanities from 2009 to 2013 . he was a member of the u.s. house of representatives from iowa from 1977 to 2007 as a republican .
power rangers is a media franchise created by haim saban , that is currently owned by hasbro.it was owned by saban entertainment from 1993 until the walt disney company bought the franchise in september 2001 . disney sold the franchise back to saban in may 2010 . in may 2018 , saban sold the franchise to hasbro .
daniel michael " danny " devito , jr. ( born november 17 , 1944 ) is an american actor , comedian , director and producer . he has starred in and directed a number of movies . devito is of italian descent . he was born in neptune township , new jersey and grew up in asbury park , new jersey .
rolf martin zinkernagel ( born january 6 , 1944 ) is a swiss immunologist at the university of zurich.he is best known for his discovery of how the immune system recognizes virus - infected cells . for his discovery , zinkernagel shared the nobel prize in physiology or medicine with peter c. doherty in 1996 .
johns creek is a city in the american state of georgia . it was only made a city on december 1 , 2006 . it is a suburb in the northeast of atlanta . johns creek has about 75,000 people living in it . it is a part of fulton county . johns creek is the 10th largest city in georgia .
a medical abortion is an abortion where drugs are used to induce the abortion . in the 1970s , such abortions became an option to end the pregnancy during its first trimester . the drugs most often used in 2009 are mifepristone and methotrexate , either alone or in combination with a prostaglandin .
somali ( ) is a cushitic language . it is spoken by ethnic somalis in somalia , djibouti , ethiopia , yemen and kenya , as well as by the somali diaspora around the world -- an estimated total population of between 10 and 16 million speakers.the writing system of the somali language has been latin alphabet since 1960 .
shakespeare in love is a 1998 british - american romantic comedy - drama movie starring gwyneth paltrow , ben affleck and judi dench . it won 7 academy awards , including best picture of 1998 . this movie is about the involvement of william shakespeare in a serious love affair with viola ( played by paltrow ) .
denuvo anti-tamper is an anti-tamper technology and digital rights management software . it was developed by austrian software company called denuvo software solutions gmbh . denuvo software solutions gmbh is a subsidary of irdeto . the common name of denuvo anti-tamper is denuvo .
the specific weight ( also known as the " unit weight " ) is the weight per unit volume of a material . the symbol of specific weight is γ ( the greek letter gamma ) . a commonly used value is the specific weight of water on earth at 4 ° celsius , which is 9.807 kilonewton per meter cube .
" you make me feel so young " is a 1946 popular song composed by josef myrow , with lyrics written by mack gordon . it was created for the movie " three little girls in blue " . the song was recorded by frank sinatra in 1956 , and performed many times throughout his career . it is featured in the 2003 movie " elf " .
bernard " buzzy " hellring was a creator of ultimate frisbee.along with joel silver , hellring created ultimate in the parking lot of columbia high school in maplewood , new jersey.hellring died in 1971 , in an auto accident at princeton university , new jersey.he was elected after he died into the ultimate hall of fame .
conrad gessner ( or konrad gessner , 26 march 1516 – 13 december 1565 ) was a swiss naturalist and bibliographer . his five - volume " historiae animalium " ( 1551 – 1558 ) is a forerunner of modern zoology . the flowering plant genus " gesneria " is named after him .
a creed is a statement or confession of belief — usually religious belief — or faith . the word comes from the latin " credo " for " i believe " . it is called " symbol " ( greek , συμβολον ) , that means a " token " by which persons of like beliefs might recognize each other .
a chord progression is a part of music , made up of several chords played one after another . chord progressions are important for people who write songs or play musical instruments that can play chords , such as the guitar . chord progressions are used in many types of music . how a piece of music sounds has to do with its chord progression .
hamilton hill is a fictional batman character who is the corrupt mayor of gotham city . he helps the gotham crime boss such as rupert thorne to help him find batman 's secret identity . he hired an assassin to kill harvey bullock.he was voice by lloyd bochner in " " . he was also played by michael murphy in " batman returns " .
david joseph " dave " madden ( december 17 , 1931 - january 16 , 2014 ) was a canadian - american actor . he was known for his role as reuben kincaid on " the partridge family " . madden died on january 16 , 2014 in jacksonville , florida . he died from complications of myelodysplastic syndrome . he was aged 82 .
william mills " bill " irwin ( born april 11 , 1950 ) is an american stand - up comedian , actor and voice artist . he is known for his role as mr. noodle in " sesame street " . he also appeared in the television series " northern exposure " and the m. night shyamalan movie " lady in the water " .
blount county is a county in the u.s. state of alabama . as of the 2010 united states census , 57,322 people lived there . its county seat is oneonta.blount county is a dry county which means alcoholic drinks can not be sold . alcohol can be sold in the city of oneonta .
citadel center is a 580ft ( 177m ) tall skyscraper in chicago , illinois . it was designed by spanish architect ricardo bofill . citadel center is the 44th tallest building in chicago . it was completed in 2003 . it has 39 floors . the copy of the sculpture winged victory of samothrace is on display in the lobby .
francesc de paula gambús i millet ( 21 may 1974 - 23 november 2019 ) was a spanish politician . he was a member of the european parliament from july 2014 through may 2019 . he was born in barcelona . gambús was a member of the democratic union of catalonia.gambús was found dead at his apartment in brussels of a possible heart attack , aged 45 .
hans mommsen ( 5 november 1930 – 5 november 2015 ) was a german historian . he was the twin brother of historian wolfgang mommsen . mommsen was known for his studies in german social history , and for his opinions of the third reich . he argued that hitler was a " weak dictator " . he also studied the holocaust .
gunnar garbo ( 19 april 1924 – 29 june 2016 ) was a norwegian journalist , politician and ambassador.he represented the liberal party of norway at the norwegian parliament during four electoral periods . he served from 1958 to 1973 . he was leader for the party from 1964 to 1970 . he was ambassador in dar es salaam from 1987 to 1992 .
the distinguished flying cross ( dfc ) is the third - level military medal given to members of the united kingdom 's royal air force and other services . it was also given to members of other commonwealth countries . the medal was awarded for " an act or acts of valour , courage or devotion to duty whilst flying in active operations against the enemy " .
the british rail class 201 ( or 6s ) six - car diesel - electric multiple units ( demus ) were built in 1957 – 1958 at eastleigh railway works and ashford railway works . they were built for use on the london to hastings line . several tunnels along the route had restricted clearance , meaning that these units were built with a narrow body profile .
the 2018 fifa world cup qualification uefa group b was one of the nine uefa groups for 2018 fifa world cup qualification . the group was made up of six teams : portugal , switzerland , hungary , faroe islands , latvia , and andorra . portugal won the group and qualified for the world cup , while switzerland finished 2nd and moved on to the second round .
ruby slippers are red shoes that are worn by the character dorothy ( judy garland ) in the movie " the wizard of oz " . they are an important part of the story . many pairs of slippers were made for the movie . one pair can be seen at the smithsonian institution in the united states . the others are owned by private collectors .
sir sidney poitier , kbe ( born february 20 , 1927 ) is an american - born bahamian actor , movie director , author , and diplomat . he became a star in american movies and plays which went against racial stereotypes , and made black actors more respected in mainstream roles.from 1997 through 2007 , he was the bahamian ambassador to japan .
magdalenenberg is the name for a tumulus grave . it dates from the iron age . it lies at the southwestern tip of the black forest , in germany . the nobleman who is buried there was part of the hallstatt culture . with a volume of 33.000 cubic metres it is the biggest grave from that time in central europe .
high noon is a 1952 american western movie directed by fred zinnemann and starring gary cooper , thomas mitchell , grace kelly , lloyd bridges , otto kruger , lon chaney jr. , harry morgan , katy jurado , lee van cleef . it was distributed by united artists and was nominated for 7 oscars and won 4 academy awards in 1953 .
the province of l'aquila ( ) is a province in the abruzzo region of southern italy . its capital is the city of l'aquila . it is the largest province of the region but the one with fewest people living in it ; it is a landlocked province , that is , surrounded by other provinces by all sides .
travers was a municipality of the district of val - de-travers in the canton of neuchâtel in switzerland . on 1 january 2009 , boveresse , buttes , couvet , fleurier , les bayards , môtiers , noiraigue , saint - sulpice and travers joined together and became the new municipality of val - de-travers .
the ellsworth street bridge is a highway bridge that crosses the willamette river in albany , oregon , united states . built in 1925 , the two - lane structure carries u.s. route 20 eastbound traffic , with the adjacent lyon street bridge carrying westbound traffic . the - long steel - truss bridge was designed by conde mccullough and opened in 1926 .
2 - pentanone , or methyl propyl ketone ( mpk ) , is an organic compound . it is a ketone and is very similar to butanone , but it is more expensive to make . because of this , it is n't used as a solvent as often as butanone . some of it is found in tobacco .
the kong meng san phor kark see monastery ( also the " bright hill pujue chan monastery " ) ( ) , is a buddhist temple located at bright hill road in bishan , singapore . built by zhuan dao in the early 20th century to propagate buddhism and to provide lodging for monks , this monastery is the largest buddhist temple in singapore .
in biology , a tremor is when antagonist muscles move repeatedly without being controlled . there are different forms of tremors . very often , a tremor is a symptom for another condition , and not its cause . people with a tremor are not necessarily sick . for example , physiological tremors are measurable , but not visible ; they occur in all humans .
the cry of the icemark is the first book in the " icemark chronicles " that are written by the english author stuart hill . the book won the ottakar 's children 's book prize in 2005 . it also won the 2006 highlands children 's book award for long novels in 2006 . it is followed by " the blade of fire " .
defunctland is a documentary series about defunct theme park rides . there are currently 3 seasons , with seasons 1 and 2 currently finished.season 3 currently has 2 episodes . 66 episodes are planned , with 46 past episodes and 20 planned episodes.there is also a spin - off called defuncttv with a few episodes . they also have a jim henson miniseries .
the nevill ground is a cricket ground in royal tunbridge wells , kent . it played host to one one day international during the 1983 cricket world cup , the group stage match between india and zimbabwe in which kapil dev scored 175 not out . the nevill ground is recognised in cricket for having rhododendron bushes around the edge of the pitch .
ostafrikasaurus was a carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the late jurassic of southeastern tanzania . it is known only from a fossil tooth that is long . paleontologist eric buffetaut claims it is the oldest evidence of a spinosaurid dinosaur ( a type of crocodile - like dinosaur that ate fish ) ; it appeared 148 million years ago .
bridget jones : the edge of reason is a 2004 british french german irish american romantic comedy movie directed by beeban kidron and is based on the 1999 novel of the by helen fielding . it stars renée zellweger , colin firth , hugh grant and is the sequel to the 2001 movie " bridget jones 's diary " . it was distributed by universal pictures .
janet varney is an american actress and comedian . she is known for voicing korra in the nickelodeon animated television series " the legend of korra " , co-starring as sheriff evie barret in the television series " stan against evil " , her role as becca barbara in " you 're the worst " , and hosting " the jv club " podcast .
the lutheran church – canada ( or lcc ) is a confessional lutheran denomination in canada . it is the second largest canadian lutheran church , after the evangelical lutheran church in canada . the lcc was orgainized in 1988 by the canadian congregations of the lutheran church – missouri synod.the current president of the lcc is rev . dr. robert bugbee .
james p. molinaro ( born march 11 , 1931 ) is an american politician . he was the borough president of staten island from 2002 to 2013 . molinaro first won election as borough president on november 6 , 2001 beating his democratic opponent councilman jerome x. o'donovan , with 50 percent to 43 percent . he took office on january 1 , 2002 .
skeleton is a winter sport in which a person rides a small sled down a frozen track . the person lays face down on the sled , and rides head forward . it had been played at the winter olympics since 2002 ; before that , it had also been played in the 1928 and 1948 games.skeleton is a dangerous sport . riders can reach speeds of .
a roman legionary was a professional soldier of the roman army . legionaries had to be roman citizens under the age of 45 . they were members of a roman legion . legionaries went through very tough training . they had to do what they were told or they would be punished badly . legionaries had to carry lots of heavy equipment when they were marching .
a purchase order ( po ) is a document stating the wish of a buyer to purchase something from a seller . it indicates all of the exact details of the goods the buyer intends to buy . when the seller accepts the purchase order , it forms a legal contract between both sides . this means that the seller is required to provide the goods in exchange for payment by the buyer .
cranbrook is a canadian city in british columbia , canada . cranbrook is in the southeastern and the east kootenay region of british columbia . at the 2006 census , 18,947 people lived in cranbrook . it was named a city in 1905 . cranbrook is also home to an whl team called the kootenay ice .
the new year is an event that happens when a culture celebrates the end of one year and the beginning of the next year . cultures that measure yearly calendars all have new year celebrations . on january 1 , 1600 scotland , was the first country to adopt january 1 as the first day of the new year . now , many countries celebrate the new year on 1st of january .
horace silver ( born horace ward martin tavares silva , september 2 , 1928 – june 18 , 2014 ) was an american jazz pianist and composer.silver is known for his humorous and funky playing style and his hard bop music . he was influenced by a wide range of musical styles , notably gospel music , african music , and latin american music and sometimes the soul jazz genre .
canary wharf is a major business district in tower hamlets , east london . it is one of the united kingdom 's two main financial centres , second only to the traditional city of london . it contains many of europe 's tallest buildings , including the second - tallest in the uk , one canada square . canary wharf is located on the west india docks on the isle of dogs .
rachael leigh cook ( born october 4 , 1979 ) is an american actress , model and voice artist . she played becky thatcher in " tom and huck " ( 1995 ) . she played laney boggs in she 's all that ( 1999 ) . she played laura king in the movie " vampire " ( 2011 ) . she was born in minneapolis , minnesota .
spanair was an airline based in catalonia which is in spain . it 's main base of operations or hub is at barcelona airport but it also flew many flights from madrid airport and palma de mallorca airport . the airline was a member of the major airline alliance star alliance . spanair stopped its flight operations the 27th of january , 2012 , when its closure was announced .
certain operating systems use paging to get virtual memory . this means that a part of the hard disk or a file is used so that the applications or the operating system see more memory that is actually there . a page replacement algorithm is an algorithm that decides which pages should be written to disk or file , when a new page needs to be allocated.some of the algorithms used are :
kenny miller ( born 23 december 1979 ) is a scottish football player . he plays for the scottish premiership club rangers and was a regular starter for the scotland national team until his retirement from international football in 2013 . he is a centre forward . he is one of only five players to ever play for both rangers and celtic , and one of only two to ever cross the divide twice .
carol cleveland ( born 13 january 1942 ) is an english - american actress , singer and comedian . she is known for her work with monty python . cleveland was born in london . she retired in 2014 . she first appeared in " monty python 's flying circus . " she appeared in 30 of the 45 episodes in the series , plus all four " monty python " movies .
adrienne is a female first name . it is the female form of adrien . the name can be also spelled adrianne.the meaning of the name is " from the city of hadria . " it also means " the dark one . " there are a few fictional characters with the name , such as adrienne johnson from " days of our lives " .
lukáš dlouhý and leander paes were the defending champions , but lost in the first round to martin damm and filip polášek 6 – 7 ( 7 ) , 6 – 3 , 6 – 4 . bob and mike bryan won in the final 7 – 6 ( 5 ) , 7 – 6 ( 4 ) , against rohan bopanna and aisam - ul - haq qureshi .
the hockey news , commonly shortened to thn , is a north american ice hockey magazine published by transcontinental . " the hockey news " was created in 1947 by ken mckenzie and bill côté , and has since been the most recognized hockey publication in north america . over 225,000 people read each issue of the magazine , and the website has another two million people reading it .
menlo park is a city in california in the san francisco bay area . menlo park is on the peninsula between san jose and san francisco . to the south are stanford and palo alto . to the north is atherton.menlo park has various school districts . it has the schools la entrada , hillview , oak knoll , and las lomitas .
condominium means a colony ruled jointly by two or more countries . examples include the anglo - egyptian sudan , which was in name under the joint rule of the united kingdom and egypt , although in fact a british colony with all political decisions up to the british despite having many egyptians involved in administering the country , and new hebrides , which was under the joint rule of the uk and france .
password is a television game show . it was hosted by allen ludden from october 2 , 1961 to september 15 , 1967 during daytime and was on primetime from january 2 , 1962 to may 22 , 1967 on cbs . a revival was made in 1971 and aired on abc . the show spawned two revivals in 1979 and 1984 respectively , " password plus " and " super password " .
greater manchester is a county in north west england . it has 2.7 million people living there . it was created on 1 april 1974 . its cities are manchester and salford and its large towns are oldham , bury , rochdale , ashton - under - lyne , stockport , wigan and bolton . it also has smaller towns and villages , for example , shaw and crompton .
chiffon is a lightweight , plain - woven sheer fabric . the fabric is woven of s and z twist crepe yarns . the twist in the crepe yarns puckers the fabric in both directions.chiffon is made from cotton , silk or synthetic fibers.gowns , lingerie , scarves and other clothing can be made of chiffon .
newton - le - willows is a market town in the metropolitan borough of st helens , merseyside , england . it was historically part of lancashire . it is midway between liverpool and manchester , about 15 miles ( 24 km ) from each . it is east of st helens , north of warrington and south of wigan . the population at the 2011 census was 22,114 .
john aloysius costello ( 20 june 1891 – 5 january 1976 ) was an irish fine gael politician . he was taoiseach from 1948 to 1951 and from 1954 to 1957 , leader of the opposition from 1951 to 1954 and from 1957 to 1959 , and attorney general of ireland from 1926 to 1932 . he was a teachta dála ( td ) from 1933 to 1943 and from 1944 to 1969 .
grosse ile township is a town in wayne county in the u.s. state of michigan . the township is coterminous with the island in the detroit river called grosse ile . the name comes from french , meaning " big island " . the population was 10,894 at the 2000 census . it is part of the collection of communities known as downriver .
giuseppina bozzacchi ( november 23 , 1853 – november 23 , 1870 ) was a ballerina . she was born in milan , italy and died in paris , france . she was the first to dance the part of swanhilda in " coppélia " in may 1870 . she was a great success . she died a few months later on her birthday in november 1870 .
java man is the name given to fossils discovered in 1891 at trinil on the banks of the bengawan solo river in eats java , indonesia , one of the first known specimens of homo erectus . its discoverer , eugène dubois , gave it the scientific name pithecanthropus erectus , a name derived from greek and latin roots meaning " upright ape - man " .
corcovado national park is a national park in costa rica . it was established on 24 october 1975 . it has an area of 425 km ² ( 263 mi ² ) . national geographic called this park " " the most biologically intense place on earth in terms of biodiversity " " . the park very popular with tropical ecologists . visitor can see a lot of wildlife .
myliobatiformes is one of the four groups of batoids . it is made up of cartilaginous fishes . they are related to the shark family . they were recently re-classified as part of the monophyletic group , after being part of the rajiformes group . another relative to myliobatiformes is the common form of skates .
gustav frištenský ( 18 may 1879 – 6 april 1957 ) was a czech strongman and greco - roman wrestler . he competed in the first half of the 20th century . during his career , he competed in almost 10,000 fights . his first fight was when he was just 19 years old and the last one was when he was 72 . frištenský was a legend among czech strongmen .
the quirinal palace ( known in italian as the palazzo del quirinale or simply quirinale ) is a historical building in rome , italy . it is the official residence of the president of the italian republic.the palace is on the quirinal hill , the tallest of the seven hills of rome . it housed thirty popes , four kings and eleven presidents of the italian republic .
chesapeake energy arena is a multipurpose indoor sports / concert arena in downtown oklahoma city , oklahoma , united states . it is the home of the national basketball association 's oklahoma city thunder . the arena was also home to the new orleans / oklahoma city hornets from 2005 to 2007 . the arena was formerly named the ford center from 2002 to 2010 and the oklahoma city arena from 2010 to 2011 .
sankarapuram is a taluk of viluppuram district of the southern indian state of tamil nadu . sankarapuram town is a headquarter for this taluk . there are presently 188 villages in sankarapuram taluk . before the bifurcation of chinnasalem taluk from this taluk and kallakurichi taluk , nearly 350 villages were under the control of sankarapuram taluk .
the armenian legion or armenische legion was the name given to the 812th armenian battalion which was a foreign unit comprised of several thousand men.leaders kanayan and garegin njdeh counted the support of over 18,000 armenians.in addition to this exclusively armenian unit , nazi armenians also served in the thirty eight other ss divisions , including the elite leibstandarte ss adolf hitler .
john samuel mbiti ( 30 november 1931 – 5 october 2019 ) was a kenyan - born christian religious philosopher and writer . he was an ordained anglican priest , and a canon.mbiti is an emeritus professor at the university of bern and parish minister to the town of burgdorf , switzerland.mbiti died at a nursing home in burgdorf , switzerland on 5 october 2019 at the age of 87 .
steven donald larmer ( born june 16 , 1961 in peterborough , ontario ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger that played in national hockey league . larmer was drafted by the chicago black hawks with the 120th overall pick in the 1980 nhl draft.larmer played in the nhl for two teams , the chicago blackhawks from 1980 to 1993 and the new york rangers from 1993 to 1995 .
, also known as horyaku , was a after " kan ' en " and before " meiwa . " the period started in october 1751 and ended in june 1764 . during this time , the emperor and emperess were and . the " nengō " " hōreki " means " valuable calendar " or " valuable almanac " . this time frame was created by emperor momozono in 1754 .
walt martin ( april 8 , 1945 – july 24 , 2014 ) was an american production sound mixer . he was nominated for academy awards in the category best sound mixing for the 2006 movie " flags of our fathers " and the 2014 movie " american sniper " . he worked on more than 70 movies.he died of vasculitis on july 24 , 2014 in burbank , california , aged 69 .
the anti-austerity movement refers to the mobilization of street protests and grassroots campaigns that has happened across many countries , especially in europe , since the onset of the worldwide great recession.anti - austerity actions are different and ongoing . they continue as of the present day . the global occupy movement has arguably been the most noticeable physical enactment of anti-austerity and populist sentiment .
the statue of liberty national monument is a national monument of the united states . it is made up of two islands : ellis island and liberty island . the statue of liberty is included because it is on liberty island.this national monument was created in 1924 . at first , it included only the statue of liberty . in 1965 , ellis island was added . in 1966 , liberty island was added .
patricia helen heaton ( born march 4 , 1958 in bay village , ohio ) is an emmy award - winning american actress best known for playing lead character and ray barone 's wife debra barone on the cbs television sitcom " everybody loves raymond " . she currently stars as frankie heck on the abc sitcom " the middle " . she received a star on the hollywood walk of fame on may 22 , 2012 .
a sandbox computer is a computer that is used for running programs that might not be trustworthy such as cracked programs , known viruses or programs downloaded by suspicious websites . these computers are usually virtual machines , however sometimes they may not be to either appear legitimate or to use hardware , such as an unused laptop or an older computer ( modern stuff most not being used in case it is capable of damaging the hardware ) .
adrian frutiger ( may 24 , 1928 – september 12 , 2015 ) was a swiss typeface designer . he was known for typing name of cities and towns on road signs . his most famous signs designs include univers , frutiger and avenir . he was born in unterseen , switzerland.frutiger died in bremgarten bei bern , switzerland , aged 87 .
appenzeller cheese is a hard cow 's - milk cheese produced in the appenzell region of northeast switzerland , such as the canton of appenzell innerrhoden , appenzell ausserrhoden , st. gallen and thurgau . the cheese has been made for at least 700 years . appenzeller has a strong smell and a nutty flavour .
muhammad ( ; ; – 8 june 632 ) was the founder of islam . muslims and baha'is believe he was a messenger and a prophet of allah ( god ) . he is believed to be a descendant of ishmael , a son of abraham , and the last of all prophets ( " the seal of the prophets " ) . he is seen as an example for all muslims to follow .
donald ernest " don " johns ( december 13 , 1937 – july 8 , 2017 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman . he played 153 games in the national hockey league for the montreal canadiens , new york rangers , and minnesota north stars . he was born in st. george , ontario.johns died on july 8 , 2017 in pointe - claire , quebec from a heart attack , aged 79 .
deanna lund ( may 30 , 1937 – june 22 , 2018 ) was an american actress . she was born in oak park , illinois . lund was best known for her role in the irwin allen television series " land of the giants " , where she played the character of valerie ames scott.lund died on june 22 , 2018 at her home in century city , california of pancreatic cancer , aged 81 .
mymensingh division is an administrative division of bangladesh . the division has an area of 10,485 km ² , and a population of 11,370,000 . the division of mymensingh is next to the indian state of meghalaya to the north , dhaka division on the south , sylhet division to the east , rangpur and rajshahi division to the west .
wrestlemania xi was a professional wrestling pay - per - view ( ppv ) event made by the world wrestling federation ( wwf ) . it was held on april 2 , 1995 at the hartford civic center in hartford , connecticut . it was the eleventh wrestlemania event held by the wwf . wrestlemania xi was met with mixed reviews and has been called both the worst wrestlemania of all time and the event that saved the wwf .
the voting rights act of 1965 is a law of the united states . it made it easier for african - americans and non-english speaking citizens to vote . in some parts of the united states , people were forced to pay a poll tax or take a literacy test before being allowed to vote . this process kept many african - americans from voting . the voting rights act made all of those practices illegal .
the honda odyssey is a minivan that has been made by honda since 1994 . from 1994 - 1999 , it was also sold as the isuzu oasis . a larger version of the minivan has been available since 1999 in north america . it was redesigned in 2005 and 2011 . the 2015 model was awarded the insurance institute for highway safety 's top rated pick because of it 's collision avoidance system .
george nicholas hatsopoulos ( january 7 , 1927 – september 20 , 2018 ) was a greek - american mechanical engineer . he was born in athens . he was known for his work in thermodynamics and for having co-founded thermo electron . he worked at the massachusetts institute of technology.hatsopoulos died on september 20 , 2018 at his home in lincoln , massachusetts , aged 91 .
levelland is a city in the state of texas in the united states . it is the county seat of hockley county . about 13,929 people lived there in 2013 . in november 1957 , some drivers in levelland saw an unidentified flying object that caused automobiles to stop until it lifted . two of the drivers were weir clem , levelland 's sheriff , and ray jones , a firefighter .
adjara is a region of georgia . its official name is autonomous republic of adjara . the capital city is batumi , which is the 2nd largest city in georgia.the region is on the coast of the black sea near the foot of the lesser caucasus mountains . about 350,000 people live there.there are 5 municipalities plus the city of batumi . the five municipalities are :
jakob schönenberger ( 2 october 1931 – 1 august 2018 ) , was a swiss conservative politician and businessman for the christian democratic people 's party of switzerland . he worked as lawyer.from 1961 to 1976 schönenberger was a municipal councilor in kirchberg and from 1968 to 1980 for the cvp in the canton of st. gallen kantonsrat . from 1979 to 1991 he sat in the council of states .
terry southern ( may 1 , 1924 – october 29 , 1995 ) was an american writer . he was part of the paris postwar literary movement in the 1950s . he was a friend to beat writers in greenwich village in the 1960s . in the 1970s he made changes to the way movies were written . in the 1980s he wrote for " saturday night live " and talked about screenwriting at several universities in new york .
the violent years is a 1956 american exploitation movie starring jean moorhead as paula parkins , the leader of a gang of juvenile delinquent high school girls . ed wood , jr. , the director of " glen or glenda " and " plan 9 from outer space " , wrote the screenplay . it was originally titled " teenage girl gang " . star jean moorhead was the playboy playmate for october 1955 .
paris – le bourget airport is an important airport near paris , france . it was the international airport for paris before the building of paris - charles de gaulle airport and orly airport . it is now an airport for " all business class aircraft " . the musée de l'air et de l'espace ( the french aviation and space museum ) is there . the famous paris air show happens here .
the 1984 winter olympics , officially known as the xiv olympic winter games , were held in sarajevo . ( at that time , sarajevo was in yugoslavia , but it is now in bosnia and herzegovina . ) other candidate cities were sapporo , japan ; and falun in gothenburg , sweden . it was the first winter games and the second olympics held in eastern europe ( the first was the 1980 summer olympics in moscow ) .
bhagat singh koshyari ( born 17 june 1942 ) is an indian politician . he is a member of the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) from uttarakhand . in september 2019 , he became the governor of maharashtra.he was a mp in rajya sabha from 2008 to 2014 from uttarakhand and then the mp in the 16th lok sabha from nainital - udhamsingh nagar constituency .
naegleria fowleri is a free - living form of protist typically found in warm fresh water , from 25 – 35 degrees celsius . it belongs to a group called the percolozoa or heterolobosea . " n . fowleri " can invade and attack the human nervous system ; although this occurs rarely , such an infection will nearly always result in the death of the victim .
a separation process is a method used in science to separate two substances , that once formed a mixture . the type of separation process used depend on the mixture 's properties and components . here are examples of separation techniques : distillation , evaporation , chromatography , filtration , fractional distillation and magnetism . the end product of the separation process is one or more pure compounds .
a tribe called quest was an alternative hip hop group that started in 1985 . they are perhaps most famous for their song " can i kick it ? " . the members are mc / producer q - tip , mc phife dawg aka phife diggy ( malik taylor ) , and dj / producer ali shaheed muhammad . jarobi white was a member until 1991 . they have released five albums .
inhalation is half of what occurs when people or animals breathe . air is moved from the outside through the respiratory system into the lungs . the lungs take out some oxygen and put it into the blood . drugs can also be inhaled with an inhaler to put them into the blood . the air is then moved out of the lungs again . this is the other half of breathing , called exhalation .
the central american paper wasp ( " apoica pallens " ) is a nocturnal eusocial wasp ( family vespidae ) . it is famous for its swarming behavior . it is native to the lowlands of central and northern south america.this species has developed special night vision adaptations which help their night - time swarming and foraging behavior . it has important medicinal properties for the pankararé people of brazil .
yes , dear is an american television series that aired from october 2 , 2000 to february 15 , 2006 on cbs . it starred anthony clark , jean louisa kelly , mike o'malley and liza snyder.in the us , the repetitions of the series can be seen on nick at nite , nick jr. ( block as part nickmom ) and cmt . in canada , it 's on joytv .
seven sisters station is a london overground and london underground victoria line station in the seven sisters area of the london borough of haringey , north london . the station is in travelcard zone 3 . seven sisters lies between finsbury park and tottenham hale on the victoria line and between stamford hill and bruce grove on the london overground from liverpool street station . it is a short walk from south tottenham station on london overground .
jenna welch bush hager ( born " jenna welch bush " november 25 , 1981 ) jenna was born in baylor university medical center in dallas , she is the younger of two fraternal twin girls born to george w. bush , president of the united states . her twin sister is barbara pierce bush.jenna graduated from the university of texas in 2004 . she has become a public school teacher like her mother laura bush was .
carlo ubbiali ( 22 september 1929 – 2 june 2020 ) was an italian nine - time world champion motorcycle road racer . in the 1950s , he was a known sportsperson in the smaller classes of grand prix motorcycle racing . he won six 125cc and three 250cc world titles . he was born in bergamo , italy.ubbiali died on 2 june 2020 in bergamo of respiratory failure , aged 90 .
nikitas venizelos ( ; july 1930 – 12 february 2020 ) was a greek shipping businessman and politician . he ran the venezelos sa shipping company . he was a member of the hellenic parliament from 1974 to 1981 and again from 1993 to 1996 . he was deputy speaker from 1993 to 1996 . he was born in athens.venizelos died on 12 february 2020 in athens at the age of 89 .
roebuck " pops " staples ( december 28 , 1914 – december 19 , 2000 ) was an american gospel and r & b musician . he was the patriarch and member of singing group the staple singers.in 1998 he received a national heritage fellowship from the national endowment for the arts , which is the highest honor in the folk and traditional arts in the united states.staples was buried in oak woods cemetery in greater grand crossing , chicago .
hannah dominique e. john - kamen ( born 7 september 1989 ) is a british actress . she is known for her roles as dutch in the syfy television series " killjoys " , ornela in the hbo series " game of thrones " , f ' nale zandor in steven spielberg 's " ready player one " , and ghost in the marvel cinematic universe movie " ant - man and the wasp " .
the véhicule blindé léger or vbl ( light armoured vehicle ) is a four - wheel drive reconnaissance light military vehicle . it has been used by the french army since 1990 . more than 25 foreign countries used it , including gabon , qatar , and serbia . the us army used it as m11 for hazardous material reconnaissance . russia bought 500 of them in november 2012 . the vehicle is designed and built in france by panhard .
oona castilla chaplin ( born 4 june 1986 ) is a spanish - british actress . her best known roles are talisa maegyr in the hbo tv series " game of thrones " , " the crimson field " and the series " taboo " . she is the daughter of actress geraldine chaplin , the granddaughter of the english filmmaker and actor charlie chaplin , and the great - granddaughter of the american playwright eugene o'neill .
due date is a 2010 american comedy road movie . it was produced by todd phillips , daniel goldberg , and susan downey and was directed by todd phillips . the movie was released on november 5 , 2010 . the movie features cameos from " two and a half men " stars charlie sheen and jon cryer.architect peter and wannabe actor ethan drive from hartsfield - jackson atlanta international airport to los angeles .
jean - martin charcot ( ; ; 29 november 1825 – 16 august 1893 ) was a french neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology . he was known as " the founder of modern neurology " . he discovered many diseases such as charcot - marie - tooth disease and charcot disease ( better known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , motor neurone disease , or lou gehrig disease ) .
grand island is a town and an island in erie county , new york . as of the 2010 census , the town population is 20,374 . the town was once nominated to be the headquarters for the united nations , but lost to new york city.the town was founded in 1651 and became part of the british colony of new york in 1764 . it became a town in 1852 . the town supervisor is mary cooke .
hashimato 's thyroiditis or chronic lymphocytic thyroiditis is an autoimmune disease . the cause of hashimato 's thyroiditis is that body starts to produce antibodies against the normal thyroid tissue . this disease was the first disease to be described as autoimmune . for the first time it described by the japanese specialist " hakaru hashimato " in germany in 1912 .
diving is a form of movement downwards , either from air to ground or to water . diving is also a sport . diving is often done from a springboard or an elevated platform.underwater diving includes scuba diving . scuba diving , however , is typically not considered a sport . dives used for scuba diving are relatively simplistic . an example of this is a giant stride entry , also known as a stride dive .
wittmund is a " landkreis " ( district ) in the northwestern part of lower saxony , germany . it is situated in east frisia , on the north sea coast.the district contains part of the wadden sea and of the lower saxony wadden sea national park . the islands of langeoog and spiekeroog , both belonging to the east frisian islands , are part of this district .
richard douglas " dick " lamm ( born september 12 , 1935 ) is an american politician , writer , certified public accountant , college professor , and lawyer . he served three terms as 38th governor of colorado as a democrat ( 1975 – 1987 ) and ran for the reform party 's nomination for president of the united states in 1996 . he is currently the co-director of the institute for public policy studies at the university of denver .
foraging is the act of hunting or gathering food . for example , cattle forage grass to eat . the idea of animals foraging is called " forage theory " , and was first proposed in 1966 . humans that forage are often called hunter - gatherers , who find and eat ( wild ) animals and plants without domestication of them ( people who farm plants are not hunter - gatherers , as they have grown them themselves ) .
regan smith ( born september 23 , 1983 ) is an american stock car racing driver.he currently competes full - time in the nascar sprint cup series . he drives the no . 7 chevrolet ss for tommy baldwin racing . he also races part - time in the xfinity series . there he drives the no . 88 chevrolet camaro for jr motorsports , and the no . 2 chevrolet camaro for richard childress racing .
milan galić ( ; 8 march 1938 – 13 september 2014 ) was a serbian footballer . he scored 37 international goals in 51 matches for the yugoslavia national football team . he participated in the 1960 summer olympics , winning the gold medal , the 1960 uefa european football championship , where yugoslavia finished second ( despite his goal in the final ) , and the 1962 fifa world cup , where yugoslavia finished fourth.galić died in belgrade , serbia from unknown causes , aged 76 .
robert shavlakadze ( , ; 1 april 1933 – 4 march 2020 ) was a georgian high jumper . he was born in tbilisi . he competed for the soviet union at the 1960 and 1964 summer olympics . in 1960 , he finished in first place , and finished fifth in 1964 . he also won a bronze medal at the 1962 european championships.shavlakadze died on 4 march 2020 at the age of 86 .
cee lo 's magic moment is the first christmas studio album and overall fourth studio album by american singer cee lo green on october 29 , 2012 in the united kingdom . it was released in the us on october 30 by elektra records . green 's versions of " mary , did you know ? " and " what christmas means to me " were well - liked by the listeners . the album has sold many copies .
the limbourg brothers , or in dutch " gebroeders van limburg " ( herman , paul , and johan ; fl . 1385 – 1416 ) , were famous dutch renaissance miniature painters from the city of nijmegen . they were active in the early 15th century in france and burgundy . they created what is certainly the best known late medieval illuminated manuscript , " les très riches heures du duc de berry " .
the chicago fire department ( cfd ) provides both firefighting and emergency medical services to the city of chicago , illinois , united states . the chicago fire department is the third largest municipal fire department in the united states after the new york city fire department and cal fire . it is also one of the oldest major organized fire departments in the nation.the chicago fire department receives over 500,000 emergency calls annually , most of which are medical calls .
pat toomey ( born november 17 , 1961 ) is an american politician . on january 3 , 2011 , he became the junior u.s . senator from pennsylvania . he was in the united states house of representatives from 1999 to 2005 . toomey was born on november 17 , 1961 in providence , rhode island . he graduated from the harvard university . he is married to kris toomey . they have three children .
barbara cook ( october 25 , 1927 – august 8 , 2017 ) was an american singer and actress . she became known during the 1950s after starring in the original broadway musicals " plain and fancy " ( 1955 ) , " candide " ( 1956 ) and " the music man " ( 1957 ) among others , winning a tony award for the last.cook died from respiratory failure on august 8 , 2017 in new york city at the age of 89 .
a volcanic belt is a large volcanically active place.other terms are used for smaller areas of activity such as volcanic fields . volcanic belts are found above zones of very high temperature ( 700-1400 ° c ) where magma is made by melting of rock in the earth 's crust and upper mantle . these areas usually appear along tectonic plate boundaries at depths of 10 - 50 km.the biggest volcanic belt is pacific ring of fire
the world trade organization ( wto ) is a large international organization to regulate trade that was established in 1995 . as of 2018 , there are 164 members and 23 observer nations . in the wto , agreements are made on trade between countries . the general agreement on tariffs and trade ( gatt ) means that countries have to lower barriers to international trade , such as tariff on goods crossing borders . this lets businesses operate in many different countries .
michael joseph anderson , sr. ( 30 january 1920 – 25 april 2018 ) was a british movie director . he was best known for directing " the dam busters " ( 1955 ) , " around the world in 80 days " ( 1956 ) and " logan 's run " ( 1976 ) . he was the step - grandfather of laurie holden.anderson died at his home in vancouver , british columbia on 25 april 2018 at the age of 98 .
jordan cox ( 27 may 1992 – 30 april 2020 ) was an english rugby league footballer . he was born in hull , england . he last played for doncaster . he had also played in the super league for : the hull kingston rovers , the huddersfield giants and the warrington wolves.he had also appeared for newcastle thunder , halifax and the sheffield eagles outside of the super league.cox died on 30 april 2020 in hull at the age of 27 .
a tropical climate is a type of climate typical in the tropics . it is a damp climate in which all twelve months have mean temperatures above 18 ° c ( 64.4 ° f ) . some tropical areas have rainfall throughout the year , usually in the afternoon . others have a wet season and a dry season , for example because of monsoon . the tropical climate is humid and wet . one famous area of tropical climate is the amazon rainforest
brenda milner , ( born july 15 , 1918 ) is a british - canadian neuropsychologist . her work focused on the field of clinical neuropsychology , is sometimes known as " the founder of neuropsychology " . milner is a professor in the department of neurology and neurosurgery at mcgill university and a professor of psychology at the montreal neurological institute.she turned 100 in july 2018 .
abu dhabi ( , " ʼabū ẓaby " ) is the capital city of the united arab emirates . it is in the emirate of abu dhabi . abu dhabi is one of the seven emirates which form the united arab emirates . the city is on a t - shaped island going into the persian gulf from the central western coast . the city is 972 km in size . the city had a population of 1.14 million people in 2015 .
gopinath pandurang munde ( 12 december 1949 – 3 june 2014 ) was an indian politician . he served as minister of rural development from 26 may 2014 until his death on 3 june 2014 . he was appointed by prime minister of india narendra modi . before serving as minister , he served as member of lok sabha from 2009 until his death in 2014 . munde died in a car crash in new delhi , aged 64 .
mi reflejo is the first spanish - language album by american pop singer christina aguilera . it was released on 2000 . there are 11 songs in this album . six of them are new songs . five of them are from her first album " christina aguilera " but in spanish.this album was nominated grammy award as best latin pop album in 2001 . it was the latin grammy award for best female pop vocal album .
charles philip latham ( 17 january 1929 – 20 june 2020 ) was a british actor . he was born in essex , england . one of his most famous movie roles was as dracula 's sinister servant klove in hammer 's 1966 movie " " . he was also known for his television role as willy izard in the bbc series " the troubleshooters " ( 1965 – 72 ) . latham died on 20 june 2020 , aged 91 .
the samsung galaxy s6 , galaxy s6 or just gs6 is an android - based smartphone developed , manufactured , released and marketed by samsung electronics . it is the successor to the samsung galaxy s5 and the predecessor to the samsung galaxy s7 . it was unveiled on march 1 , 2015 with the samsung galaxy s6 edge and released on april 5 , 2015 . on august 21 , 2015 , the samsung galaxy s6 edge + was released .
lucian pintilie ( ; 9 november 1933 – 16 may 2018 ) was a romanian movie director and screenwriter . he was known for directing " the reenactment " , " an unforgettable summer " , and " next stop paradise " . in 1968 , he produced " the reconstruction " thought by movie historians to be the most important representation of romanian cinema.pintilie died on 16 may 2018 in bucharest , romania at the age of 84 .
ángel mario ponce camacho ( ángela maria ponce camacho , according to his wishes ) is a spanish model and beauty pageant titleholder . he won miss spain 2018 . ponce made history on june 29 , 2018 , when he became the first biologically male transgender to ever be crowned miss spain . he represented spain at miss universe 2018 , where he became the first transgender contestant competing for the title . he was born in pilas , spain .
the battle of pharsalus was the decisive battle of caesar 's civil war . on 9 august 48 bc at pharsalus in central greece , gaius julius caesar and his allies formed up opposite the army of the republic under the command of gnaeus pompeius magnus ( " pompey the great " ) . pompey had the backing of a majority of senators , and his army significantly outnumbered the experienced caesarean legions .
vaishali or vesali ( pali ) was a city in what is currently vaishali district , bihar , india . the city was the capital of the licchavi and the vajjian confederacy . at the time of the buddha , vesali was a very large and rich city . it was crowded with people and with much food . there were seven thousand seven hundred and seven pleasure grounds and the same number of lotus ponds .
scaphognathus was a rhamphorhyncoid pterosaur found in the solnhofen limestone of the upper jurassic.it had wings that was about one meter long and a long tail shaped like a leaf . the leaf - tail probably acted like a rudder , helping it steer through the air . it was probably a diurnal ( daytime ) flier , where " rhamphorhynchus " was probably nocturnal .
dominique baudis ( ; 14 april 1947 – 10 april 2014 ) was a french ombudsman , journalist and politician . he was the mayor of toulouse , haute - garonne from march 1983 until january 2001 . he was also a member of dl and later of the leading centre - right union for a popular movement . he was born in paris.baudis died from cancer on 10 april 2014 in paris . he was 66 years old .
lo wing - lok ( ; 13 september 1954 – 9 may 2015 ) was a hong kong doctor and politician . he was a member of the legislative council for medical from 2000 to 2004 . lo was born in british hong kong . he graduated from the university of hong kong . his wife , anna yung hiu - yan , died in 2013 . they had a son.lo died from lung cancer on 9 may 2015 in hong kong , aged 60 .
a timer is a kind of clock for measuring time intervals . a timer which counts upwards from zero for measuring time is often called a " stopwatch " . a device which counts down from a specified time interval is more usually called a " timer " . a simple example is an hourglass . some timers sound an audible alarm that the time is up . time switches , timing mechanisms which activate a switch , are sometimes called " timers " .
glen matlock ( born 27 august 1956 ) is the first bassist of the british punk group sex pistols.he left the group in 1977 , because he " liked the beatles " , legend being " thrown out " . matlock was replaced by john ritchie , also known as sid vicious.in may 2010 it was announced that matlock would be a member of a reunion of the faces , scheduled to play at the vintage at goodwood festival in london in august 2010 .
raymond " ray " emery ( september 28 , 1982 – july 15 , 2018 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey player . he played for the philadelphia flyers of the national hockey league ( nhl ) until his death . emery played for the ottawa senators , anaheim ducks and chicago blackhawks of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he also played in khl with the atlant moscow oblast . emery was awarded many honors , most from the minor league .
william hale thompson ( may 14 , 1869 – march 19 , 1944 ) was an american who was the mayor of chicago from 1915 to 1923 and again from 1927 to 1931 . known as " big bill " , thompson was the last republican to serve as mayor of chicago.thompson was born on may 14 , 1869 in boston , massachusetts . he was raised in chicago , illinois . thompson died on march 19 , 1944 in chicago , illinois , aged 74 .
citizenship is a legal relationship between a person and a country . usually the country is the one he / she / they were born in , lives in , supports , and in return gets protection . a person is usually a citizen of the country where he or she is born , but sometimes a person will apply to change his or her citizenship to become a citizen in another country . there are countries which allow dual ( two ) citizenship , and countries which do not .
ruud van nistelrooy ( born 1 july 1976 ) is a dutch retired professional football player who has played for the netherlands national team . he is the fourth - highest goalscorer in uefa champions league history with 56 goals . he played for manchester united until 2006 , where he has the record for being the club 's top scorer in european competition . van nistelrooy last played for hamburger sv . his retired on 14 may 2012 .
abdullah bin abdulaziz al saud , ( " " ) ( 1 august 1924 – 23 january 2015 ) was the king of saudi arabia from 1 august 2005 until his death in 23 january 2015 . he became king upon the death of his half - brother , king fahd . he was the tenth son of ibn saud.abdullah died from complications of pneumonia at the age of 90 . his half - brother salman took his place as king .
the arrondissement of pau is an arrondissement of france . it is part of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " . its capital , and préfecture of the department , is the city of pau.it is the northernmost of the " arrondissements " of the department , with an area of , the second in area of the department . it is the most populated " arrondissement " with 305,089 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants / km ² .
jonathan nichols ( november 14 , 1965 – june 5 , 2019 ) was an american politician . he was born in norman , oklahoma . he was a member of the oklahoma senate from 2001 to 2013 . he was a member of the republican party . he was an attorney and became assistant district attorney.on june 5 , 2019 , nichols was found dead of an apparent gunshot wound at his home in norman . the exact cause and manner of death are under investigation .
walter lee mccarty ( born february 1 , 1974 in evansville , indiana ) is an american former basketball player who played in the national basketball association . he played for the new york knicks , boston celtics , phoenix suns , and the los angeles clippers.mccarty played college basketball at the university of kentucky.in june 2010 , mccarty was named as an assistant coach for the indiana pacers . in 2011 mccarty was let go by the pacers .
the audi cup is a two - day football tournament . it happens at the allianz arena in munich , germany . the first edition of the audi cup was won by bayern munich . the 2019 champions are tottenham hotspur . bayern munich has won the tournament the most times . since bayern is the host of this competiton , they are the permanent particippant in the audi cup , while three other teams are chosen based on their strength .
robert leadam eddison obe ( 10 june 1908 – 14 december 1991 ) was a british actor who was known for his role as the grail knight in " indiana jones and the last crusade " . eddison was born on 10 june 1908 in yokohama , japan to british parents . his grandparents were from the united states . he was raised in london , england . eddison died on 14 december 1991 in london , england from pneumonia , aged 83 .
belanglo state forest is a planted forest in the australian state of new south wales covering an area of about 3,500 hectares . it is south of berrima in the southern highlands , five kilometres west of the hume highway between sydney and canberra . the forest is owned by the new south wales government and has some of the earliest pine plantings in the state . the public has free access to the forest ; it is popular with recreational trail bike riders .
" baba o'riley " is a song by the english rock band the who , written by pete townshend . roger daltrey sings most of the song , with pete townshend singing the middle eight : " do n't cry / do n't raise your eye / it 's only teenage wasteland " . the song 's title comes from this combination of the song 's philosophical and musical influences : meher baba and terry riley .
ronald adolphis johnson ( october 17 , 1947 – november 10 , 2018 ) was an american football running back . he was born in detroit , michigan . johnson played college football at the halfback position for the university of michigan from 1966 to 1968 . johnson played for the cleveland browns in 1969 and for the new york giants from 1970 to 1975 . johnson died on november 10 , 2018 in madison , new jersey from complications of alzheimer 's disease at the age of 71 .
dane witherspoon ( december 27 , 1957 – march 29 , 2014 ) was an american actor . he has appeared in such daytime tv soap operas as " santa barbara " as joe perkins in 1984 and in " capitol " as tyler mccandless from 1985 to 1986 . witherspoon was born in denton , texas . he was raised in san francisco , california . witherspoon died on march 29 , 2014 in denver , colorado , aged 56 .
catherine weseluck ( born august 21 , 1970 ) also credited as cathy weseluck is a canadian actress , comedian , singer , and voice actress.she was born in toronto , ontario , canada.weseluck often works with ocean productions in vancouver , british columbia , canada . she acts the voice for characters in anime series . she is the voice of mothers or little boys . major roles include near in " death note " and spike in " " .
the national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) , known between 1901 and 1988 as the national bureau of standards ( nbs ) , is a measurement standards laboratory which is a non-regulatory ( non-controlled ) agency of the united states department of commerce . the institute 's mission is to promote u.s. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science , standards , and technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve quality of life .
there are 33 counties in the u.s. state of new mexico . first there were nine counties formed in 1852 . the federal information processing standard ( fips ) code , used by the united states government to uniquely identify states and counties , is provided with each entry . new mexico 's code is 35 . when added with any county code it would be written as 35xxx . the fips code for each county links to census data for that county .
the good , the bad and the ugly ( 1966 ) is a spaghetti western movie directed by sergio leone and starring clint eastwood . it is the third and final movie in the dollars trilogy and was released in the united states in 1967 . the first movie in the trilogy is " a fistful of dollars " ; the second is " for a few dollars more " . this movie and " once upon a time in the west " are considered to be the greatest western movies ever .
fred ho ( ; born fred wei - han houn ; august 10 , 1957 – april 12 , 2014 ) was an american jazz baritone saxophonist , composer , bandleader , playwright , writer , and social activist . he was known for his place in the african - american and asian - american music movement . he was born in palo alto , california.ho died after a long battle with colorectal cancer at his home in brooklyn , new york city . he was 56 .
monsignor francis j. weber ( born january 22 , 1933 ) is an american roman catholic priest , author and archivist . he is a known catholic scholar , an honorary chaplain to his holiness , and archivist for the archdiocese of los angeles . his best known works are " life and times of fray junipero serra " ( 1987 ) and " a select bibliography to california catholic literature , 1856 - 1974 " ( 1974 ) . he was born in indianapolis , indiana .
emperor / empress of india ( badishah - e-hind in hindustani ) was used as a title by the last mughal emperor bahadur shah ii , and also by the colonial british monarchs during the british raj in india.sometimes , the term " emperor of india " is also used to refer to indian emperors such as ashoka the great of the maurya dynasty and emperor akbar of the mughal empire . however , they did not claim this title for themselves .
" always be my baby " is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey from her fifth studio album " daydream " ( 1995 ) . it was released by columbia records in march 9 , 1996 as the third us single and fourth overall . the song was written by carey , jermaine dupri and manuel seal . a mid-tempo song , " always be my baby " became carey 's eleventh number one single on the billboard 100 .
haslen is a former municipality of the canton of glarus in switzerland . on july 1 , 2006 , haslen merged with the municipalities of leuggelbach and nidfurn . on 1 january 2011 the former municipalities of haslen , betschwanden , braunwald , elm , engi , linthal , luchsingen , matt , switzerland , mitlödi , rüti , schwanden , schwändi and sool merged into the new municipality of glarus süd .
graham barnett ( 17 may 1936 – 24 june 2019 ) was an english footballer . he played as an inside - forward . barnett was born in boothen , hanley , stoke - on - trent , england . he began his career with port vale in 1956 . then he was sold to tranmere rovers four years later . in 1961 he signed with halifax town . then he managed south coast united.barnett died on 24 june 2019 at the age of 83 .
ousmane tanor dieng ( january 2 , 1947 – july 15 , 2019 ) was a senegalese politician . he was the first secretary of the socialist party of senegal . he was vice-president of the socialist international from 1996 until his death . dieng was born in nguéniène , senegal . he was a candidate for president in the february 2007 election.dieng died on july 15 , 2019 from a short - illness in france at the age of 72 .
paul adrian devine ( december 2 , 1951 – june 27 , 2020 ) was an american baseball pitcher . he played seven seasons in major league baseball ( mlb ) . he played for for the atlanta braves and texas rangers from 1973 until 1980 . he batted and threw right - handed and was a relief pitcher . he was born in galveston , texas.devine survived tongue cancer twice . he died from brain and lung cancer on june 27 , 2020 at the age of 68 .
a bishop ( ) is a piece in the board game of chess . each player starts the game with two bishops . one starts between the king 's knight and the king , the other between the queen 's knight and the queen . the pieces are called either the " king 's bishop " or the " queen 's bishop " . in chess notation the starting squares are c1 and f1 for white 's bishops , and c8 and f8 for black 's bishops .
a combat sport ( also known as a combative sport ) is a competitive contact sport where two combatants fight against each other using certain rules of contact , with the aim of simulating parts of real hand to hand combat . boxing , kickboxing , wrestling , mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports.the techniques used can be categorized into three domains : striking , grappling , and weapon usage . some rule - sets specialize in one area , while others allow overlap .
uzlomac is a long mountain in central bosnia , bosnia and herzegovina , east from line direction maslovare – vrbanjci – kotor varoš – čelinac . it stretches in southeast – northwest direction , through the mountainous area , from kruševica river to jošavka . its maximum altitude is . on uzlomac rise many tributaries of vrbanja river , usora and ukrina , i.e . tributaries of vrbas and bosna ( river ) confluences .
a naga is a type of deity in hinduism , buddhism and jainism.they are snake gods that live in the ocean and underground in an underworld called " patala . " they can sometimes appear in human form . there are three main forms : a female naga is called a " nagi " or " nagini " . a " nagaraja " is a king of the nagas . they are common in indian mythology and play an important role in many religious traditions .
staind is an american rock band from massachusetts , united states . the band was started in 1994 . its first album , " tormented " was released in 1996 . staind 's newest album , " the illusion of progress " was released on august 19 , 2008 . some of its biggest hits have been " outside " , " it 's been awhile " , and " so far away " . in 2013 , they announced that they were going on hiatus but were not breaking up .
comrade is the name given to someone who belongs to the same social group , party or company . it literally means " friend " , " colleague " , but an also mean " ally " . the term can refer to someone who has the same beliefs or values . that way , in communism , people who belong to the communist party address each other as " comrade " . terms like this avoid using titles , rank or any other sign that one person is better than , or different from , another .
the asiatic cheetah ( " acinonyx jubatus venaticus " ) is a critically endangered subspecies of the cheetah native to asia.it is also called the iranian cheetah because the only living asiatic cheetahs live in iran . it is now extinct in india , but during british colonial times in india it was the famous hunting leopard . this name came about because some of these animals were kept captive by indian royalty and used to hunt wild antelope .
benefits street is a documentary series on the british television channel channel 4 . it started on 6 january 2014 . five episodes will be shown . it is about some of the people who live on james turner street in birmingham . 90 % of the people on the street claim benefits . 4.3 million people watched the first episode . it was channel 4 's most - watched shown in more than a year . it shows some people who claim benefits ( claimants ) doing crimes .
essen is a german city in the state of north rhine - westphalia . it is on the ruhr river and it is near cologne , duisburg and bochum . 585,000 people live in essen . together with dortmund , essen is the biggest city of the ruhr area with its 5,000,000 inhabitants . essen is often called the shopping city ( " einkaufsstadt " ) because there are so many malls and shops in it .
litoria singadanae is a frog from papua new guinea . as of 2007 , scientists had only found it in one place . it lives in western australia and the northern territory.the male adult is about 2.9 cm long and the female is 3.4 cm long . it is green in color . it is different from other frogs because is tympanum , or eardrum , is clear . scientists have found this frog 1200 metres above sea level on the huon peninsula .
pierre - paul schweitzer ( 29 may 1912 – 2 january 1994 ) was a french lawyer . he was the international monetary fund ( imf ) 's fourth managing director and chairman of the executive board , serving from 1963 to 1973 . schweitzer was commissioned as a lieutenant in the french army after the outbreak of world war ii . when france fell in 1940 , he joined the french resistance.schweitzer died on 2 january 1994 in geneva , switzerland at the age of 81 .
marlon bundo , also known as bunny of the united states ( botus ) , is a rabbit belonging to the family of mike pence , the 48th and current vice president of the united states . he was the first rabbit to travel on air force two , has a popular instagram account , and is the subject of two children 's books . he was born in chicago and named after marlon brando.in 2013 , the pence family bought the rabbit from craigslist for their daughter .
prizzi 's honor is a 1985 american black comedy crime drama movie directed by john huston and based on the 1982 novel of the same name by richard condon . it stars jack nicholson , kathleen turner , anjelica huston in her oscar winning role , robert loggia , william hickey , c. c. h. pounder , stanley tucci , lawrence tierney and was distributed by 20th century fox . it was nominated for 7 oscars and won one at the academy awards in 1986 .
fadhil jamil al - barwari ( 1966 – 20 september 2018 ) was an iraqi military commander . he was the head of the iraqi counter terrorism bureau . he was born in dohuk , iraq . he joined the iraqi army in 2004 after the invasion . he quickly rose through the ranks of the military ladder , becoming the commanding officer of the iraqi special operations forces ( isof ) . al - barwari died on 20 september 2018 from a heart attack at the age of 52 .
aelfweard ( 904 - 2 august 924 ) was briefly the king of wessex , following the death of his father , edward the elder . the kingdom of england was divided between aelfweard and his half - brother , athelstan , who became king of mercia.aelfweard lived for only 16 days after his father and was probably not even crowned . athelstan became king of wessex in september 924 , so the english kingdom was re-united again .
michelle de la isla ( born march 19 , 1976 ) is an american politician . she is the mayor of topeka , kansas since 2018 . she was a member of the topeka city council from 2013 to 2018 . de la isla is the city 's first latina , first single mother , and second woman to serve as mayor.she is the democratic nominee for kansas ' 2nd congressional district in the 2020 united states house of representatives race . de la isla was born in new york city .
eric saade ( born 29 october 1990 in helsingborg , sweden ) is a swedish singer . he spent two years with as boy band called what 's up ! . he left the band in february 2009 to for a solo career . he won the swedish melodifestivalen 2011 with the song " popular " . he represented sweden at the eurovision song contest 2011 in germany , placing third in the final.saade is of palestinian descent on his father 's side .
raffaele tafuri was an italian painter . he was born on january 27 , 1857 in salerno , he died on 1929 in venice.he completed his early studies in the family , then moved to naples at the institute of fine arts , in the city of naples attended the study of sculptor stanislao lista.he is famous for his coastal landscapes.he participated in the first " biennale of art " in venice in 1895 and in the editions of 1907 , 1909 , 1910 , 1914 .
homo luzonensis is the name given to some fossil bones of a hominin . the place of discovery was in the north of luzon , a large island in the philippines.the remains are about 67,000 years old . they are small bones and teeth from callao cave . researchers think they are from a hitherto unknown species . at least one expert , aida gómez - robles , " is hesitant to unequivocally say the find represents a new species " .
mumps is a viral disease . only humans get it . some of the most commons symptoms are fever , headaches , swelling of the parotoid glands , sore throat , and orchitis ( which means swelling of the testicles ) . mumps can be diagnosed by the increase in alpha amylase isoenzymes in blood plasma.the mmr vaccine stops measles , mumps and rubella.hence we can say that mumps can be prevented by mmr vaccination
janine sutto ( 20 april 1921 – 28 march 2017 ) was a french - born canadian actress . she was born in paris , but raised in montreal . in 1943 , she was a founding member of the théâtre de l'equipe troupe and continued acting on stage through the early 1950s with théâtre du nouveau monde.sutto was known for her roles in " kamouraska " , " congorama " , and in " route 132 " . sutto died in montreal on 28 march 2017 .
joseph leslie armstrong ( 27 december 1950 – 20 april 2019 ) was a british computer scientist . he is best known as one of the co-designers of the erlang programming language . he was given a ph.d. in computer science from kth royal institute of technology ( kth ) in stockholm , sweden in 2004 . he later a professor at ktf from 2014 . he was born in bournemouth , hampshire.armstrong died on 20 april 2019 , at the age of 68 .
norman , is the county seat and largest city in cleveland county in the u.s. state of oklahoma . it is part of the oklahoma city metropolitan statistical area . norman is about 20 miles south of oklahoma city . james garner and toby keith are from norman . the university of oklahoma is in norman . norman was founded in 1889 by abner norman . in 2008 , " money magazine " said norman was a very good place to live . norman has one small airport and a railroad station .
burglary is a crime . someone who steals things is a burglar . burglary is an unlawful action . its active verb tense is " to burgle " . burglaries can occur at any time or any place . penalties for burglaries vary from state to state and country to country . the word " burglar " comes from the old english words " burg " ( " house " ) and " laron " ( " thief " ) .
tun dr. siti hasmah binti haji mohamad ali ( born 12 july 1926 ) is the wife of the 4th and 7th prime minister of malaysia , tun dr. mahathir mohamad . she served as wife of the prime minister of malaysia for 22 years from 1981 – 2003 . she is the oldest living wife of a former malaysian prime minister.as of the 10 of may 2018 she is again the wife of the prime minister while also serving as a chancellor of the multimedia university of malaysia .
nasim pedrad ( ; born november 18 , 1981 ) is an iranian - born american actress and comedian . she was born in tehran , iran and emigrated to irvine , california in 1984 . she is best known for her five seasons as a cast member on " saturday night live " from 2009 to 2014 . after " snl " , she went on to co-star in sitcoms such as " mulaney " , " scream queens " , " people of earth " , and " new girl " .
youm7 ( meaning " the seventh day " ) is an egyptian privately owned daily newspaper . it was first published as a weekly paper in october 2008 and has been published daily since may 2011 . it is published in arabic . the paper was twice selected by " forbes middle east " as having the most effective news website in the middle east . " youm7 " reportedly has the most - visited website of any egyptian newspaper . on 6 october 2013 it launched an english news website called the cairo post .
william smith o'brien ( ; 17 october 1803 – 18 june 1864 ) was an irish politician . at one point he was a member of the british parliament . later on he was a nationalist and leader of the young ireland movement and led a rebellion against british rule in the 1840s during the potato famine . he was convicted of treason , a felony , and could have been executed , but he was exiled to van diemen 's land instead . in 1856 , he was pardoned and allowed to return .
asian americans are americans of asian ancestry . the term refers to a group that includes diverse populations . they have ancestral origins in south asia , east asia . this includes people who indicate as " chinese , filipino , indian , korean , japanese , vietnamese , and other asian " . asian americans with no other ancestry comprise 5.4 % of the u.s. population . asian americans are by capita the richest and highest earning ethnic group in america , due to their high educational attainment and strong family values .
lacuna coil is an italian gothic metal band . they started in 1994 in milan with the name sleep of right . then they changed their name to ethereal in 1997 . they found that there was already a band with that name . so they changed their name to lacuna coil that year . they are known for making music with male and female vocal harmonies . cristina scabbia joined the band in 1996 . she does the main vocals with andrea ferro . the band has released seven albums .
tarcísio magalhães sobrinho , usually known as tarcísio meira ( born october 5 , 1935 ) is a brazilian actor . he was born in são paulo , brazil . he was one of the first actors to work in the most popular brazilian channel globo . his best known roles were as military christ in " the age of the earth " ( 1980 ) and as ulisses in " i love you " ( 1981 ) . in 1962 , meira married actress glória menezes . they have one child .
cookie monster is a muppet that appears in sesame street . he is a blue monster that is known for eating lots of food , especially cookies . he is also known for some of his famous eating phrases . his favorite food is cookies , as his name implies . he especially enjoys chocolate chip cookies . throughout the years of his presence , he has gained increasing awareness of children 's food habits . in 2007 , cookie monster had told his philosophy ( way of thinking ) that " cookies are a sometimes food . "
" just a girl " is a popular song by no doubt . it was released in 1995 . the song peaked at # 23 on the " billboard " hot 100 around the united states . this helped no doubt get into the mainstream music.the single was released in the united kingdom in 1996 . it reached only # 38 . when " do n't speak " was released , however , " just a girl " was released again and peaked at # 3 . the song was featured in two movies in the 1990s .
monster buster club is a children 's comedy action animated television program series . it was created by vincent chalvon - demersay and david michel and by marathon media and image entertainment corporation inc . the series was first shown on tv in europe on jetix , june 2 , 2008 . in the united states it began on june 9 , 2008 . in asia it started on may 3 , 2008 . the show was first shown on canada 's television channel ytv in 2008 . the series ended in 2009 .
mount asgard is a mountain in baffin island , nunavut , canada . the mountain has a two mountain peaks . the mountain peaks are flat at the top , in a circular shape . the peaks are connected by a large piece of rock . the mountain is on the cumberland peninsula of baffin island and it is part of the baffin mountains mountain range . the mountain is made up of granite . the mountain is named after asgard . asgard is the home of the gods in norse mythology .
maximilian schell ( 8 december 1930 – 1 february 2014 ) was an austrian - swiss actor . he won the academy award for best actor for his role in " judgment at nuremberg " in 1961 . he was also a writer , director and producer for some movies.he was also nominated for a golden globe award for his role in " stalin " . he also appeared in " abraham " , " deep impact " , " coast to coast " , and in " the brothers bloom " . his sister was actress maria schell .
a coonskin cap is a hat made from the fur of a raccoon . usually , the tail of the racoon is attached to the back of the hat . the coonskin cap is a symbol of the early united states frontier . coonskin caps were first worn by the native americans who lived around tennessee and kentucky . the american settlers who moved to this area liked the caps and wore them themselves . some famous american pioneers who wore coonskin caps are davy crockett and daniel boone .
mark roland shand ( 28 june 1951 – 23 april 2014 ) was a british travel writer and conservationist . shand is known for having been camilla , duchess of cornwall 's brother . he was chairman of elephant family . it is a wildlife foundation . he was born in london , england . his other sister is annabel elliot ( born 1949 ) . on 23 april 2014 , it was reported that shand had been taken to bellevue hospital in new york city and died after suffering a head injury when he fell over .
otis stanley russ ( august 31 , 1930 – january 5 , 2017 ) was an american politician . he served as a member of the arkansas senate from the 21st ( later 30th ) district from january 1975 to january 2001 . he also served as president pro tempore of the senate from 1995 to 1997 . russ was born in conway , arkansas . he married nina benton in 1951 . they had two children , and she died in 2005 . russ died from acute myeloid leukemia on january 5 , 2017 in conway . he was 86 .
alfred a. bianchi ( march 26 , 1932 – october 28 , 2019 ) was an american professional basketball player , coach , general manager , consultant and scout . he was born in new york city . he played for the syracuse nationals / philadelphia 76ers from 1956 through 1966 . he coached the seattle supersonics from 1967 through 1969 . bianchi was also the general manager for the new york knicks.bianchi died on october 28 , 2019 in phoenix , arizona from congestive heart failure at the age of 87 .
jános koós ( born kupsa ; 20 november 1937 – 2 march 2019 ) was a hungarian pop singer . he became successful in the 1960s after participation in the talent show " táncdalfesztivál " . koós was born in bucharest , romania . he played for the wind band of the national tax and customs administration between 1957 and 1960 . he started his solo singer career in 1960 , performing the schlagers of vico torriani . he adopted the koós stage name by that time.koós died on 2 march 2019 in budapest , aged 81 .
thomas terrell sessums ( june 11 , 1930 – june 6 , 2020 ) was an american politician . he was born in daytona beach , florida . sessums was the speaker of the florida house of representatives from 1972 to 1974 . sessums was a member of the state house from 1963 through 1972 . he is a member of the democratic party . from 1979 through 1988 , he was chair of the florida board of regents.sessums died on june 6 , 2020 in tampa , florida at the age of 89 .
uzbekistan was first at the olympic games as an independent nation in 1994 . they have been in every games since then.before 1994 uzbek athletes were part of the soviet union at the olympics from 1952 to 1988 . they were part of the unified team in 1992 . uzbek athletes have won 20 medals at the summer olympic games , mostly in wrestling and boxing . the nation has also won a single medal at the winter olympic games.the national olympic committee for uzbekistan was formed in 1992 . the international olympic committee gave recognition in 1993 .
andrés ocaña rabadán ( 1955 – march 2 , 2017 ) was a spanish politician and academic . he served as the mayor of córdoba from 2009 to 2011 . he was a member of the united left / the greens – assembly for andalusia.ocaña was born in the town of aguilar de la frontera in the province of córdoba . he served as a member of the córdoba city council from 1995 until 2011 . ocaña died of a myocardial infarction on march 2 , 2017 in córdoba , andalusia , at the age of 62 .
the umayyad caliphate was the second of the four major islamic caliphates established after the death of muhammad.it was the largest empire in the world at the time . it is the fifth largest empire in history.it was ruled by the umayyad dynasty ( , " banu umayyah " ) who came from mecca , in present - day saudi arabia . damascus was the capital from 661 – 744 , harrran from 744 – 750 , and in exile their capital was córdoba ( 756 – 1031 ) .
aleksandar stipčević ( 10 october 1930 – 1 september 2015 ) was a croatian archeologist , bibliographer , librarian and historian . he was best known for studying the illyrians . he wrote several works on the illyrians . he was a full professor at the university of zagreb from 1987 until his retirement in 1997 . stipčević was born in the village of arbanasi near zadar ( then zara , kingdom of italy ) . he was of albanian ancestry.stipčević died on 1 september 2015 in zagreb , aged 84 .
adelite is a rare mineral . it is a calcium , magnesium , arsenate with chemical formula camgasooh . adelite was named from the greek word for indistinct.it can be blueish - gray , green , gray , yellow , or light green in color . it is made of crystals . adelite is not radioactive . it is scratched easily with apatite.the mineral was first described in 1891 in värmland , sweden . it can be found in flipistad , sweden .
razia al - din or razia sultana ( 1205 - 1240 ) was a ruler of the mamluk dynasty ( delhi ) of the delhi sultanate . she was the first and last muslim lady to rule delhi . a persian historian called her brave , kind and just . she was the daughter of iltumish . she ascended the throne in 1236 a.d . but the nobles who did not like to be ruled by razia soon killed her in a war . her husband name was malik altuniya .
the zhuang people ( ; ) are a kra - dai speaking ethnic group who mostly live in the guangxi zhuang autonomous region in southern china . some also live in the yunnan , guangdong , guizhou and hunan provinces . they form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the people 's republic of china . with the buyi , tay – nùng , and other northern tai speakers , they are sometimes known as the rau or rao . their population , estimated at 18 million people , makes them the largest minority in china .
carlos rojas hernández , better known as carlos " cuco " rojas , ( 28 march 1954 – 10 january 2020 ) was a colombian harpist and songwriter . his genre of work was joropo . he was the director of colombian band cimarron . he was born in san martín , meta , colombia . rojas was part of the colombian folkloric musicians that went with writer gabriel garcía márquez to receive the nobel prize in literature.rojas died of a heart attack on 10 january 2020 in bogota at the age of 65 .
michael james hegstrand ( september 12 , 1957 – october 19 , 2003 ) was an american professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with world wrestling federation ( wwf ) and world championship wrestling ( wcw ) under the ring name , road warrior hawk . he is probably best known for wrestling as one half of the tag team , road warriors in wcw and the legion of doom in wwf . on april 2 , 2011 , he was inducted into the wwe hall of fame by dusty rhodes as part of the road warriors along with their manager , paul ellering .
ruth langsford ( born 17 march 1960 ) is an english television presenter . she is best known for presenting numerous shows such as " this morning , " " gift wrapped " and . langsford is also an anchor on itv 's lunchtime chat show " loose women " and presents " ruth langsford 's fashion edit " on qvc . she took part in the fifteenth series of " strictly come dancing " , where she came ninth . she was the longest female presenter of " this morning " . ruth was born in singapore , southeast asia .
lady with an ermine ( portrait of cecilia gallerani ) ( ; ) is a painting by leonardo da vinci . it was painted between 1489 and 1490 . the subject of the portrait is cecilia gallerani , the mistress of ludovico sforza , duke of milan . leonardo was in the service of the duke at the time the portrait was painted . the ermine was a symbol of purity for leonardo . " lady with an ermine " is displayed in the czartoryski museum , kraków , poland .
a kalos inscription is a marking on ancient greek pottery . they were prevalent during the classical period ( 550 to 450 bc ) . " kalos " ( καλός ) means " beautiful " , and in these inscriptions it had an erotic meaning . the word kalos was followed by the beloved 's nameusually a youth , but sometimes a girl or woman working as a prostitute . these inscriptions are usually found on the drinking cups used during a drinking party . they were probably declarations of love . they are sometimes found as graffiti on walls .
hanauma bay is a tuff cone in honolulu , hawaii . it sits near another volcano called koko crater.it was created 32,000 years ago as a vent of the koʻolau volcano . it is a popular tourist attraction due to the beach in its crater and at one point had 3 million visitors a year . the bay holds many types of marine wildlife.the origin of the name “ hanauma ” is not well known . the “ hana ” part means “ bay ” while the meaning behind “ uma ” is debated .
kassym - jomart kemelevich tokayev ( born 17 may 1953 ) is a kazakh politician and diplomat . he became the president of kazakhstan on 20 march 2019 , after nursultan nazarbayev resigned on 19 march 2019 . he was chairman of the senate of kazakhstan from 16 october 2013 to 19 march 2019 and from 11 january 2007 to 15 april 2011 . tokayev was prime minister of kazakhstan from 1 october 1999 to 28 january 2002 and as director - general of the united nations office at geneva from 12 march 2011 to 16 october 2013 .
oxford street is a major road in the city of westminster in the west end of london . it is europe 's busiest shopping street , and has about 300 shops.the street forms part of the a40 road , which connects london to oxford . like many roads in central london which are no longer through routes it is not signposted with the road number.roughly halfway along oxford street is oxford circus , a busy intersection with regent street . a diagonal crossing at oxford circus opened in 2009 , currently the only one of its kind in central london .
actinium is chemical element 89 on the periodic table . its symbol is ac . actinium 's mass is 227 g / mol.actinium is a silver radioactive , solid metal in actinide group . it is so radioactive that it glows in the dark . even a small amount of actinium is dangerous to people.actinium was discovered in 1899 by andré - louis debierne , a french chemist . in 1899 , debierne described the substance as similar to titanium and ( in 1900 ) as similar to thorium .
harold " harry " landers ( born harold sorokin ; september 3 , 1921 – september 10 , 2017 ) was an american actor . he was born in new york city , new york . he was known for his roles in " up periscope " ( 1959 ) , " the gallant hours " ( 1960 ) , and the elvis presley western " charro ! " ( 1969 ) . on january 4 , 2018 , it was announced that landers died on september 10 , 2017 in calabasas , california of natural causes at the age of 96 .
george of the jungle is an animated television series created by jay ward productions in the late 1960s as a parody ( pretending to be but in a way that makes fun of ) of tarzan . in 1997 , it was made into a live - action movie by disney , with brendan fraser as the main character . there was a sequel george of the jungle 2 released direct - to - video in 2003 . there was and is a video game based on the film which was and is 2d platformer game " george of the jungle " by ignition entertainment / crave in 2008 .
“ blinding lights ” is a song by canadian recording artist the weeknd , taken from his seventh studio album , " after hours " . the song was released on november 24 , 2019 , two days after the album ’s lead single , “ heartless ” . “ blinding lights ” was written and produced by the weeknd , max martin , and oscar holter . daheala and belly also contributed to writing the song.the song has topped charts in thirteen countries . it became his fifth number - one single on the us " billboard " hot 100 .
commodore laurence phillip brokenshire cbe , rn ( 20 october 1952 – 4 august 2017 ) was a british navy officer and magician . he was born in plymouth , devon . he studied at the university of exeter . his career developed as a submariner and later as a senior royal navy officer . he retired as officer in 2003 . laurie was accepted into the inner magic circle , and became an occasional professional / semi-professional magic performer.brockenshire died of brain cancer on 4 august 2017 in stubbington , hampshire at the age of 64 .
the jutes were a germanic people who are believed to have come from jutland ( called " iutum " in latin ) in modern denmark inclusive southern schleswig in northern germany and part of the frisian coast . the jutes , along with the angles , saxons and frisians , were mentioned amongst the germanic tribes who sailed across the north sea to raid and eventually invade great britain.it is believed that the jutes settled particularly in kent and the isle of wight . the land where the jutes , angles , and saxons settled became the country of england .
simon maxwell helberg ( born december 9 , 1980 ) is an american stand - up comedian and actor . he is best known for his role as howard wolowitz in the sitcom " the big bang theory " . he is the voice of bian zao in the nickelodeon show " " . helberg was born in los angeles , california . he is the younger son of german - born actor sandy helberg . he was raised in judaism.helberg is married to actress jocelyn towne . on may 14th 2012 their daughter adeline was born .
vietjet air is a vietnamese budget airline . the headquarters are in hanoi . the center of activity is from tan son nhat international airport in ho chi minh city . the company was founded in 2007 . vietjet air began operation in 2011 . it has flights to most of airports in vietnam and some international airports . from its first flight to 31 december 2014 , the airline has served 10 million passenger . in february 2014 , it signed a purchase order with airbus to buy 63 aircraft . it has plans to purchase 30 more and to lease seven more .
alan wray tudyk ( born march 16 , 1971 ) is an american actor . he played hoban " wash " washburne in " firefly " , doc potter in " " and as dutch in " " . on voice acting , he voiced lenny in " ice age " and other disney characters in each movies and television.tudyk was born in el paso , texas . tudyk was raised in plano , texas . he studied at plane senior high school , lon morris high school , and at the juilliard school .
the right honourable herbert eser " herb " gray ( may 25 , 1931 – april 21 , 2014 ) was a canadian politician and lawyer . he was a cabinet minister and served under three prime ministers . he was the deputy prime minister of canada from 1997 until 2002 , when jean chrétien was prime minister . he was also canada 's first jewish federal cabinet minister.gray was born in windsor , ontario . he was married to sharon sholzberg and had two children.gray died on april 21 , 2014 at a hospital in ottawa , ontario , aged 82 .
the pampas are fertile south american lowlands . it is from a quechua word meaning " plain " . it covers more than . that include parts of argentina , most of uruguay , and the southernmost brazilian state . the climate is mild.some of the wildlife includes the rhea , the pampas deer , several species of armadillos , the pampas fox , the white - eared opossum , the elegant crested tinamou , and several other species . frequent wildfires mean that only small plants such as grasses live , and trees are rare .
john marsden ehle , jr. ( december 13 , 1925 – march 24 , 2018 ) was an american novelist and screenwriter . he was known best for his fiction set in the appalachian mountains of the american south . he wrote the screenplay of " the journey of august king " , a movie that is based on his book . he was known for his book " the winter people " ( 1982 ) and " last one home " ( 1984 ) . ehle died in winston - salem , north carolina on march 24 , 2018 of congestive heart failure at the age of 92 .
the world wide web consortium ( w3c ) is an organization created by sir tim berners - lee , in order to continue the development of the web , and its languages . tim berners - lee also wants to make standards for the languages , and to improve them . as of 2 april 2010 , the world wide web consortium ( w3c ) has 328 members.as of 29 march 2012 , the world wide web consortium ( w3c ) has 351 members.as of 9 june 2014 , the world wide web consortium ( w3c ) has 384 members .
a county borough was a type of local government district in england until abolished in 1974 . local government powers were divided between county councils and urban or rural districts.for example : rural districts may not be able to maintain footpaths or street lighting because of their size . urban districts were based in a town and were able handle these jobs . schools were the responsibility of county councils because districts were too small to run all types of schools themselves.a county borough was a town big enough to run all its own local government , so the local county council had no power inside the county borough .
stanley holroyd " stan " chambers ( august 11 , 1923 – february 13 , 2015 ) was an american television reporter . he worked for ktla in los angeles from 1947 to 2010 . chambers has earned several emmy awards , golden mike awards , la city and county proclamations , an la press club award , and a star on the hollywood walk of fame.he retired on august 11 , 2010 on his 87th birthday , marking 63 years as a reporter at ktla . chambers died on february 13 , 2015 in los angeles , at the age of 91 .
lupita nyong ' o ( born 1983 ) is a kenyan actress and filmmaker . the first american movie she acted in was " 12 years a slave " . in 2014 nyong ' o was nominated for the british film academy ’s rising star award . she was on the cover of " dazed & confused " s and " w " magazine 's february 2014 issues . nyong ' o was named the most beautiful in the world by people magazine in april 2014 . she was also in " " ( 2015 ) and " the jungle book " ( 2016 ) .
frederik " frits " korthals altes ( born 15 may 1931 ) is a retired dutch politician . he was a member of the people 's party for freedom and democracy ( vvd ) . he became minister of state on 26 october 2001 . altes was chairman of the people 's party for freedom and democracy from 15 march 1975 until 22 may 1981 . he was elected as a member of the senate , taking office on 10 june 1981 . after the election of 1982 , altes was appointed as minister of justice , taking office on 4 november 1982 .
henry purcell was an english composer . he was born in 1659 in westminster , london ; he died 21 november 21 1695 , westminster ) . many musicians think he is the greatest english composer of all times . although he only lived until he was 36 , he wrote a large amount of music . his compositions include church music , instrumental music , music for the theatre , even popular drinking songs . he wrote the first english opera . he lived in the time called the baroque period . he liked italian and french music , and combined those styles to make something that was typically english .
big bird is a muppet character on the children 's television show " sesame street " . he is a big , yellow bird . unlike most other muppets , he is a full - body muppet , meaning that the person controlling him is completely inside the costume . the person who played the role of big bird was caroll spinney from 1969 to 2018 . in 2018 , caroll spinney retired , and matt vogel started playing big bird full time . matt vogel was caroll spinney 's understudy for many years before he got the role .
jeanne chesley ashworth ( july 1 , 1938 – october 4 , 2018 ) was an american speed skater . she was born in burlington , vermont . she competed in the 1960 winter olympics , 1964 winter olympics and 1968 winter olympics . ashworth competed in the first olympic speed skating event for women . she won the bronze medal.during the late 50 's and 60 's , when ashworth was at the height of her career , she won 11 national championships.ashworth died of pancreatic cancer in wilmington , new york on october 4 , 2018 , aged 80 .
respiratory disease , or respiratory tract disease , is a medical term that is made up of diseases affecting the lungs and tissues that make gas exchange difficult in air - breathing animals such as humans.they include conditions of the respiratory tract including the trachea , bronchi , bronchioles , alveoli , pleurae , pleural cavity , and the nerves and muscles of respiration . respiratory diseases range from mild and self - limiting , such as the common cold , to life - threatening diseases such as bacterial pneumonia , pulmonary embolism , acute asthma and lung cancer .
ecological yield is the harvestable growth of an ecosystem . it is most commonly measured in forestry - in fact sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest.however , the concept is also applicable to water , and soil , and any other aspect of an ecosystem which can be both harvested and renewed - the so - called renewable resources . the carrying capacity of an ecosystem is reduced over time if more than the amount which is " renewed " ( refreshed or regrown or rebuilt ) .
mercedes - benz highperformanceengines ltd. is an english - based formula one engine builder . the company used to be known as mercedes - ilmor . they are owned by mercedes - benz . since 1995 , their engines have been used by the mclaren formula one race cars . for the season , mercedes - benz also supplied the brawn gp and force india teams with engines . in the season mercedes supplied mclaren , force india . they also supplied the engines for the new mercedes - benz factory team , mercedes gp , which was formed from the brawn gp team .
johanna kristina " hanna " grönvall ( 10 december 1879 in västra sallerup , malmöhus county , sweden – 22 may 1953 ) was a swedish politician ( social democrat ) and trade unionist.grönwall worked as a maid from 1900 to 1934 . in 1933 , she became a member of the committee founded to examine the working conditions of domestics , and in 1934 , she became deputy chairman of the trade union for domestics , stockholms hembiträdesförening . she was the founder of the central comitté of domestics , hembiträdesföreningarnas centralkommitté , in 1936 . grönwall was a member of the city council of stockholm municipality for the social democrats .
dmitry vladimirovich strakhov ( ; born 17 may 1995 ) is a russian professional racing cyclist . he was born in vyborg . he rides for gazprom – rusvelo . he rode in the men 's point race event at the 2017 uci track cycling world championships . in may 2019 , he was named in the startlist for the 2019 giro d'italia . in march 2020 , during the 2019 – 20 coronavirus pandemic , strakhov was confirmed as being treated for covid - 19 in abu dhabi , united arab emirates .
walter isaacson ( born may 20 , 1952 ) is an american businessman and journalist . in 2001 he became chairman and chief executive officer ( ceo ) of cnn . in 2003 he became the president and ceo of the aspen institute . he also has been the editor of time magazine.isaacson has written biographies of benjamin franklin , albert einstein , steve jobs and henry kissinger . he also co-authored the book " the wise men : six friends and the world they made " . in 2012 time magazine named him one of the top 100 most influential people in the world .
when it 's all over we still have to clear up is the second full - length album by the alternative rock band snow patrol . it was released on march 5 2001 . gary lightbody wrote all of the lyrics , and wrote the music with mark mcclelland and jonny quinn.when the album first was released , it was not bought enough to get its name onto the top 200 albums chart . after the next album , " final straw " , became popular , people began buying " when it 's all over we still have to clear up " , and it went onto the chart .
hans gericke ( 27 july 1912 – 15 february 2014 ) was a german architect and urban planner . from 1953 to 1958 , he was the deputy director of the institutes für theorie und geschichte der baukunst for the deutschen bauakademie . in 1965 , he became the chief architect of east berlin , east germany ( now berlin , germany ) . for his work , he was awarded by many different organisations . he was born in magdeburg , saxony - anhalt , german empire.gericke died on 15 february 2014 . he was 101 years old .
benoît de maillet ( saint - mihiel , 12 april 1656 – marseille , 30 january 1738 ) was a well - travelled french diplomat and naturalist.he was french consul general at cairo , and overseer in the levant . he formulated an evolutionary hypothesis to explain the earth and its contents.maillet 's geological observations convinced him that the earth could not have been created in an instant because the features of the crust indicate a slow development by natural processes . he also believed that creatures on the land were ultimately derived from creatures living in the seas . he believed in the natural origin of man .
hamina ( ) is a town in kymenlaakso , finland . as of 31 may 2013 , 21,252 people lived there . nearby municipalities are kotka , kouvola , luumäki , miehikkälä and virolahti . writer laila hietamies wrote a book about hamina.the town plan of hamina differs from what is usual in finland . it is rare in other countries too . another town with a similar plan is palmanova , in italy.a local museum is located on the island of tammio , near to the town .
aidan gillen ( born aidan murphy ; 24 april 1968 ) is an irish movie , stage , television , and voice actor who is known for his roles in " shanghai knights " , " blitz " , " 12 rounds " , and " the dark knight rises " . his most famous role is probably petyr baelish in " game of thrones " . gillen was born on 24 april 1968 in dublin , ireland . he studied at st. vincent 's c.b.s . gillen has been married to olivia o'flanagan since 2001 . they have two children .
maria stuarda is an italian opera in three acts by gaetano donizetti , libretto by giuseppe bardari , after friedrich schiller 's play " maria stuart " . it was first performed in naples , on october 18,1834 , under the name of " buondelmonte " due to censorship problems , and in its original version in milan , on december 30 , 1835 . one of donizetti 's finest work , it is notable for the confrontation scene between queen mary , queen of scots and queen elizabeth i of england , which in real life never took place .
roberto cabral del hoyo ( august 7 , 1913 – october 4 , 1999 ) was a mexican poet , historian , and writer . he was known for his written works " filly pearl " , " to my roots of the earth " , " three " , " against the dark wind " , and " word " . hoyo was born on august 7 , 1913 in zacatecas , zacatecas , mexico . he was never married and had no children . hoyo died on october 4 , 1999 from pneumonia in his hometown and were he lived in zacatecas , mexico , aged 86 .
buitreraptor is a small dromaeosaur from the cretaceous of argentina . it was about four to five feet long ( 1.5 metres ) . " buitreraptor " has a slender , flat , extremely elongated snout . its jaws have many small teeth which lack meat - tearing serrations or cutting edges . they are grooved , strongly recurved and flattened . this probably meant it ate quite small animals , like lizards and mammals.since its close relatives had feathers , it is likely that " buitreraptor " also was feathered .
betty lou flanagan bumpers ( january 11 , 1925 – november 23 , 2018 ) was an american health activist and civil servant . she was the first lady of arkansas , from 1971 to 1975 . she was an activist for childhood immunizations and world peace . she and rosalynn carter ran a successful campaign to ensure that all american school children were immunized . she was also the widow of dale bumpers , former state governor and u.s. senator.bumpers died on november 23 , 2018 from complications of dementia and a broken hip in little rock , arkansas at the age of 93 .
peter carey ( born 1943 ) is an australian novelist who has won many awards including two booker prizes . he first won the booker prize in 1988 for his book , " oscar and lucinda " . he won again in 2001 for his book " the true history of the kelly gang " . only one other author has won this award twice . " oscar and lucinda " was made into a movie starring ralph fiennes . " the true history of the kelly gang " is the story of australian bushranger , ned kelly , written in the style of ned 's famous jerilderie letter .
orichalcum or aurichalcum , ὀρείχαλκος is the name of a metal or two different metals . old writings from ancient greece talk about orichalcum and the romans made coins out of a metal they called orichalcum , but they might not have been the same metal . people today are not sure exactly what it was . some scholars think orichalcum was the ancient greek name for platinum . others think it was an alloy , or mixture , of copper and either gold , tin , or zinc . scientists examined roman coins and found a mixture of copper and zinc .
gombe stream national park is a national park in north - western tanzania.it borders on lake tanganyika , and is just south of the border with burundi . the regional capital of western tanganyika , kigoma , is 10 miles ( 20 km ) south of gombe.established in 1968 , gombe is the smallest national park in tanzania , with only of forest running along the hills of the northern shore of lake tanganyika.the terrain has steep valleys , and the forest vegetation ranges from grassland to alpine bamboo to tropical rainforest.the park can only be reached by boat .
baceno ( lombard " bascén " , walser german : " aager " ) is a " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of verbano - cusio - ossola in the italian region piedmont.baceno is about northeast of turin and about northwest of verbania . it is on the border with switzerland . as of 2004 , 963 people lived there . it has an area of . baceno is next to these municipalities : binn ( switzerland ) , crodo , formazza , grengiols ( switzerland ) , premia , varzo .
aldgate tube station is a london underground station at aldgate in the city of london.the station is on the circle line between tower hill and liverpool street . it is also the eastern terminus of the metropolitan line . it is in travelcard zone 1 , and its ticket office is part - time only.platforms 1 and 4 at aldgate are two of the only three platforms on the network to be served exclusively by the circle line ( the other being platform 2 at gloucester road ) . all other circle line platforms are shared by the district , metropolitan and / or hammersmith & city lines .
samantha anne bee ( born october 25 , 1969 ) is a canadian - american comedian , writer , producer , political commentator , actress , and television host . bee became famous on " the daily show with jon stewart " . she was a regular correspondent on the show longer than anyone else . in 2015 , she left after 12 years to start her own show , " full frontal with samantha bee " . bee became a us citizen in 2014 . she is still a canadian citizen . in 2017 , " time " named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world on their annual " time " 100 list .
the governor of the u.s. state of vermont is the head of the government of the state . the governor is elected in even - numbered years by direct voting for a term of two years . vermont along with new hampshire are now the only states to hold gubernatorial elections every two years , instead of every four as in the other 48 states.there is no limit on the number of terms a governor can serve . if no candidate receives at least 50 percent plus one vote of all votes for governor cast in the election , the governor is then elected by the state legislature.the incumbent governor is phillip scott .
panphagia is a sauropodomorph dinosaur . it was described in 2009 . it lived around 231 million years ago , during the late triassic period in argentina . the name " panphagia " comes from the greek words " pan " , meaning " all " , and " phagein " , meaning " to eat " . it was given that name because scientists think it was omnivirous . " panphagia " is one of the earliest known dinosaurs . it is an important find which may mark the change of diet in early sauropodomorph dinosaurs .
claus biederstaedt ( 28 june 1928 – 18 june 2020 ) was a german actor , director and producer . he was born in stargard , weimar germany ( now poland ) . biederstaedt began his career working with joseph offenbach . he voice dubbed yves montand , peter falk , marlon brando , vittorio gassman , and james garner . his best known roles were in " the great temptation " , " do n't worry about your mother - in - law " and in " before sundown " . biederstaedt died on 18 june 2020 , aged 91 .
second city television is a canadian sketch comedy television series that first aired on september 21 , 1976 and last aired on july 17 , 1984 . the series had 6 seasons and made 135 episodes . one of sctv 's most popular sketches was the bob & doug mckenzie sketches which featured bob who was played by rick moranis and doug is played by dave thomas . the sketch was so popular that it was given its own animated show in 2009 and was featured on the 2002 episode , " the bart wants what it wants " of the simpsons when they visit toronto.in canada , reruns are shown on the comedy network .
jesse & joy ( ) is a mexican pop duo formed in 2005 by brother and sister jesse ( born december 31 , 1982 , as jesse eduardo huerta uecke ) and joy ( born june 20 , 1986 , as tirzah joy huerta uecke ) , in mexico city . the duo have released four studio albums , one live album and one ep on warner music latin . they have won a best latin album grammy award and six latin grammy awards in many categories.in 2019 , joy gave birth to her daughter noah and came out as a lesbian . she is married to her wife diana atri .
zermelo – fraenkel set theory ( abbreviated zf ) is a system of axioms used to describe set theory . when the axiom of choice is added to zf , the system is called zfc . it is the system of axioms used in set theory by most mathematicians today.after russell 's paradox was found in the 1901 , mathematicians wanted to find a way to describe set theory that did not have contradictions . ernst zermelo proposed a theory of set theory in 1908 . in 1922 , abraham fraenkel proposed a new version based on zermelo 's work .
paul henry o'neill ( december 4 , 1935 – april 18 , 2020 ) was an american businessman and politician.he served as the 72nd united states secretary of the treasury for part of president george w. bush 's first administration . he resigned in december 2002 under pressure from the administration and became a harsh critic.o ' neill was chairman and ceo of pittsburgh - based industrial giant alcoa from 1987 to 1999 , and retired as chairman at the end of 2000 . in 1995 , he was made chairman of the rand corporation.o ' neill died of lung cancer on april 18 , 2020 in pittsburgh , aged 84 .
the tyndall effect is when light is scattered by particles of matter in its path . it makes a beam of light visible by lighting the particles.under the tyndall effect , the longer - wavelength light is more transmitted while the shorter - wavelength light is more reflected by scattering . in effect , blue light is scattered much more strongly than red light.the blue of a clear sky , and the blue of blue eyes is caused by the tyndall effect , not by a pigment . its named after john tyndall.tyndall effect can also be observed when sunlight passes through the canopy of a dense forest .
salvador vilar braamcamp sobral ( born 28 december 1989 ) is a portuguese singer and activist . he won the 2017 eurovision song contest for portugal with the song " amar pelos dois " , written by his sister luísa sobral . he gave portugal its first ever win in the contest since the country 's debut in 1964 , ending the longest winless run by a country in eurovision history ( 53 years ) . under the current voting system , the highest scoring winner is him winning the contest in kiev , ukraine , with 758 points , with both the maximum points from the jury and the public vote being attributed to him .
a stadium is a building in which lots of people may watch an event . they are often used for football and athletics . some stadiums are paid to add a company name to the name of their stadium . for example , " comerica " park in detroit , michigan , or the alltel stadium in jacksonville , florida . when people do this the company has the " naming rights " to the stadium . the name of a stadium can change when another company buys the naming rights to that stadium.an arena is a small indoor stadium . arenas are often used for many different types of events . these include sports and music .
thaddeus c. radzilowski ( 4 february 1938 – 20 july 2018 ) was a american historian , scholar , author , and professor . he was born in detroit , michigan . he was co-founder of the piast institute , a national institute for polish and polish - american affairs . his work focused on poland and other central and eastern european nations , including russia.radzilowski taught widely in europe and north america and published more than 100 monographs , edited collections , journal articles , book chapters and scholarly papers.radzilowski died in detroit on 20 july 2018 at the age of 80 .
the quebec nordiques were an ice hockey team who played in both the national hockey league ( nhl ) and the world hockey association ( wha ) . this is a list of the head coaches they had during their existence . the franchise moved to denver , colorado , in 1995 , and became the colorado avalanche.michel bergeron coached the most games and won the most points all - time with the nordiques , with 634 games and 616 points . maurice filion and michel bergeron were the only coaches to have three terms with the nordiques . marc crawford was the only nordiques coach to win the jack adams award .
mikhail nikolayevich zadornov ( ; july 21 , 1948 – november 10 , 2017 ) was a soviet and russian stand - up comedian and writer . he was born in jūrmala , latvian ssr , ussr . his humour is national stereotype and national mentality . from 2006 until his death , zadornov had incorporated chudinov - style wordplay into his sketches , based on folk etymologyin march 2014 he signed a letter in support of the position of the president of russia vladimir putin on accession of the crimea to russia.zadornov died of brain cancer in moscow , russia on november 10 , 2017 at the age of 69 .
a beam bridge is a strong , horizontal structure that rests on two end supports , and carries traffic by acting as a beam.beam bridges are often used for heavy cars and trains to pass , and some are also built for people to walk on . beam bridges used to be made from wood and were called " log bridges " . modern ones are mostly made of steel . beam bridges are usually placed over highways , rivers or gaps in the earth so people or cars can cross over them . beam bridges are simple but they can not be as long as more complex and expensive kinds . beam bridges can be connected to make one longer bridge .
the ontario new democratic party ( ondp ) is a social democratic political party in ontario , canada . it is part of the national new democratic party . it formed in 1961 when the ontario section of the co-operative commonwealth federation merged with the ontario federation of labour.the party formed the government in the 1990 ontario general election . this was the first provincial government formed by the ndp east of manitoba . however , the party was blamed for a recession that hit canada and lost the 1995 general election.the leader of the party since 2009 is andrea horwath . after the 2018 election , the ndp became the official opposition .
the division of calare is an australian electoral division in new south wales . it was set up for the 1906 election and is the local indigenous australian name for the lachlan river , which runs through the western part of the division . ( the name should be pronounced kal - " ah " - ree , but the pronunciation kul - " air " is used . ) the division includes the towns of bathurst , blayney , canowindra , eugowra , forbes , lithgow , molong , oberon , orange , parkes , peak hill , portland , wallerawang and yeoval .
a role ( sometimes spelled rôle ) or a social role can be described as an expected behaviour of an individual.more precisely one could say it is a set of connected behaviours , rights and duties that a person has to follow in a social situation . it depends on social status . " role confusion " is a situation where an individual has trouble to decide which role he / she should play . for example , one could be a student who would attend a meeting of a particular recreational interest and find her teacher there . they would be in conflict between behaving as a student and as an enthusiast who shares the same interest as the teacher .
gunmetal , or red brass in the united states , is a metal alloy . it is a type of bronze – an alloy of copper , tin and zinc.proportions of its metals vary . 88 % copper , 8 - 10 % tin and 2 - 4 % zinc is usual.originally it was used for making cannons . guns are now made of steel . gunmetal is easy to cast and work on a lathe . it resists corrosion from steam and salt water . it is used to make steam and hydraulic castings , valves , gears , statues , and various small objects such as buttons .
giacobbe " jake " lamotta ( july 10 , 1922 – 19 september 2017 ) , nicknamed " the bronx bull " and " the raging bull , " was an american retired professional boxer and former world middleweight champion . he was played by robert de niro in the 1980 movie " raging bull " . lamotta was an italian - american . he was born on july 10 , 1921 in the bronx , new york city . he has been married six times . he has four daughters.lamotta died on september 19 , 2017 at a retirement home in aventura , florida from complications of pneumonia at 95 years old .
györgy sándor ligeti ( 28 may 1923 – 12 june 2006 ) was a composer from hungary . he was an important composer of avant - garde music . his music influenced many other composers . some of his most famous works are an opera called " le grand macabre " , a piece for orchestra called " atmosphères " , a piece for choirs called " lux aeterna " , and a requiem . stanley kubrick used parts of " atmosphères " , " lux aeterna " , and the requiem for the soundtrack of his movie " " . many other movies use pieces of ligeti 's music on their soundtracks .
safe mode is a mode of startup in computers that allows the user to detect and fix errors . many things do not run on safe mode . the reason is to see whether any of the recently added or updated device drivers were causing the problem.when safe mode is used , a computer will only start with the minimum number of system files needed for it to work properly . this is to make it easier to find a problem that may be causing a computer to work incorrectly . the screen resolution is also smaller and there is no sound or internet connection in safe mode . this is because these features are not necessary for the computer to work properly .
jacques houplain ( 10 september 1920 – 22 february 2020 ) was a french painter and engraver.along with engraving and painting , houplain studied art history . he was a fellow at the maison descartes in amsterdam , and he studied the work of hercules seghers and his influences on rembrandt . he won the abd - el - tif prize in 1949 and stayed in algeria for the two following years . upon his return to france , houplain began teaching art history at the école nationale supérieure des arts appliqués et des métiers d'art . houplain died on 22 february 2020 at the age of 99 .
the family of rodents that include kangaroo rats , kangaroo mice and rock pocket mice is the heteromyidae family . most heteromyids live in complex burrows in the deserts and grasslands of western north america . some species within the " heteromys " and " liomys " genera are also found in forests and can be found down as far as northern south america . they feed mostly on seeds and other plant parts , which they carry in their cheek pouches to their burrows.although they are very different in physical appearance , the closest relatives of the heteromyids are pocket gophers in the geomyidae family .
thomas hoyne ( february 11 , 1817 – july 27 , 1883 ) was an american politician who was elected as the mayor of chicago in 1875 . since honye was an independent , there was never a democrat or republican who wanted to run for mayor at the time . but after his victory , he did not wanted to be the mayor because of the conflict and might ruin his career.hoyne was born on february 11 , 1817 in new york city , new york . he was married to leonora maria temple . they had seven children . hoyne was killed on july 27 , 1883 in carlton , new york in a train crash , aged 66 .
mario & luigi : partners in time is a game for the nintendo ds . " mario & luigi : partners in time " was released in north america on november 28 , 2005 , in japan on december 29 , 2005 , in europe on january 27 , 2006 and in the united kingdom on february 10 , 2006 . it is the second game in the " mario and luigi rpg " series , preceding " " . in this game , peach goes with two other toads in a time machine , but she never returns . whenever the machine returns , a green alien comes out of it . after they beat it , mario and luigi go to various places in the past .
karol cyryl modzelewski ( 23 november 1937 – 28 april 2019 ) was a polish writer , historian and politician.he was also a professor at the university of wrocław and the university of warsaw . he was jailed for taking part in the 1968 polish political crisis . he served as a member of the senate from 1989 to 1991 . in 2016 , he was awarded the legion of honour . he was born in moscow , russian sfsr , soviet union . his adoptive father was the communist politician zygmunt modzelewski ( 1900 – 1953 ) . modzelewski died in warsaw on 28 april 2019 . he was 81 .
gaya college of engineering ( gce ; ) is a college in the indian state of bihar . it was established in 2008 . it was formerly named magadh engineering college when it was a private engineering institution . it is now a public institute . it is approved by aicte . it was inaugurated by the chief minister of bihar mr. nitish kumar on 19 november 2008 . it is government engineering college managed by the government of bihar . it is under the administrative control of the department of science and technology . it is affiliated with aryabhatta knowledge university , patna . gce offers undergraduate courses in four streams of engineering .
dame gladys constance cooper ( december 18 , 1888 – november 17 , 1971 ) was a british actress . her career spanned almost seventy years in movies , on stage and in television . she performed in stage plays including " the dollar princess " , " the importance of being earnest " and " bluebell in fairyland " , the latter of which was a musical . however , it was not until 1922 that she found strong success . her most notable movies included " the secret garden " in 1949 , " the valley of decision " and " my fair lady " in 1964 . cooper was born in london , england . she died from pneumonia at age eighty - two .
abubakar shekau ( ; born between 1969 and 1975 ) , also known by his alias darul tawheed , is a nigerien islamist terrorist . he was the emir of the nigerian militant group boko haram . he served as deputy leader to the group 's founder , mohammed yusuf , until yusuf was killed in 2009 . he was said to have been also killed in 2009 until a video in july 2010 appeared , with shekau being called the new leader of the group.shekau is born in niger and is a kanuri . he speakes hausa , arabic , and english . he has four wives .
euphemism is the use of a word ( or phrase ) that replaces another one that one thinks to be too offensive or vulgar.it also may be a replacement of a name or a word , that could reveal a secret or holy and sacred names to the uninitiated . it may also be used to obscure the identity of the subject of a conversation from potential . a well known example for many is the replacement of " lord voldemort 's " name by " you - know - who " or " he - who - must - not - be-named " in harry potter . some euphemisms are intended to be humorous .
the governor of tasmania is the representative in the australian state of tasmania of elizabeth ii , queen of australia . the governor performs the same constitutional and ceremonial functions at the state level as the governor - general of australia does at the national level.the official residence of the governor is government house located at the queens domain.the first australian - born governor of tasmania was sir stanley burbury ( appointed 1973 ) . the first tasmanian - born governor was sir guy green ( appointed 1995 ) . on 10 november , premier will hodgman announced that university of tasmania legal academic kate warner would be appointed as the state 's first female governor . warner was sworn in on 10 december .
in some countries , a civil union is a contract between two people which gives them rights similar to those they can obtain in marriage . in countries where it is allowed , a civil union is often available to people of the same sex ; marriage is often limited to people of opposite sex . the first country to introduce civil unions was denmark , in 1989 . in denmark , a civil union was limited to people of the same sex . these people got the same rights and duties as married people . in 2010 , such couples were also allowed to adopt children . as of 2012 , denmark allows people of the same sex to marry , and the civil union is no longer available .
a pipeline is a long tube , that is used to transport liquids or gases over long distances . pipelines are made of metal . while the transport of liquids and gases is common , some pipelines are used to transport coal or iron ore , which are mixed with mud . such pipelines are sometimes called slurry pipelines . even though a pipeline is very expensive to build , the low operating cost often makes it the cheapest transport.many stadiums use a central tank for beer . each bar is served by a pipeline from the central tank.even though mail and other goods can also be delivered that way , the system is generally not referred to as " pipeline " . in this case , capsules are used . these are propelled by air .
broadway is a - long main street in new york city . it is different from other streets in that it runs diagonally across the street grid of manhattan , diagonally crossing newer streets . the street also goes through the bronx . it continues north as u.s. route 9 to albany , the capital of new york state.times square , where broadway meets 7th avenue and 42nd street , is a center of entertainment and is famous for its many theaters and stage plays.one of the new york city subway lines , the bmt broadway line , runs under the street in manhattan , south of times square . the irt broadway - seventh avenue line runs under broadway , north of times square .
viacom ( short for video & audio communications ) was an american entertainment company . it started in 1970 as viacom international , the syndication division of cbs tv ( which they once owned ) . in 2005 , viacom split into two companies : the original company was renamed cbs corporation , and a new company keeping the viacom name was created . they own paramount pictures , mtv , nickelodeon , nick jr. , and others . they formerly owned the movie rental giant blockbuster entertainment.in 2019 , viacom and cbs were merged together . this created viacomcbs , a combination of the two companies . the merger was finished on december 4 , 2019 . they have also launched a streaming service called cbs all access , which includes their library of movies and tv shows , along with original content .
the division of brisbane is an australian electoral division in queensland . it was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901 . it is named after the city of brisbane.at first , the division of brisbane included the northern part of the city of brisbane , but boundary changes cut it back to the inner suburban area.it includes alderley , ascot , ashgrove , bowen hills , brisbane city , clayfield , enoggera , ferny grove , fortitude valley , gaythorne , grange , hamilton , hendra , herston , kelvin grove , keperra , milton , mitchelton , new farm , newmarket , newstead , red hill , spring hill , upper kedron , wilston , windsor , parts of bardon , everton park , paddington and stafford .
the covid - 19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached rwanda in march 2020 . the first case of covid - 19 in rwanda was confirmed on 14 march 2020 . four other people were tested after the first case tested positive , bringing the number of cases to five.on 21 march , officials announced a two - week lockdown . both public and private employees are to work from home , under strict measures . all borders are also to be closed , cargo and rwandan nationals being exempt , with a mandatory 14 - day quarantine.on 9 april , three new cases of coronavirus were identified , out of 720 samples examined in the previous 24 hours . this brought the total number of confirmed cases to 113 people ( of which seven had recovered ) .
königslutter am elm is a city in the district of helmstedt , lower saxony , germany , near the elm hills . in 2003 , about 17,000 people lived in königslutter . königslutter is twinned with taunton in somerset , in the southwest of england.königslutter is on the tourist route called the german half - timbered house road ( " deutsche fachwerkstraße " ) . in its current form , the city was created in 1974 by joining the following 18 municipalities : königslutter proper is on the lutter stream and developed from the village of lutter which was first mentioned in 1150 . it became a market town around 1300 , then a city around 1400 . in early modern times , beer brewing and elm limestone mining and cutting have been its main industries . tourism is also important , because of the german half - timbered house road and the dom - the monastery church built by emperor lothar ii.in 1924 , the village of oberlutter and the monastery church of königslutter were incorporated as a city . the benedictine monastery was founded near the village of lutter in 1135 by holy roman emperor lothar ii . the monastery church is known for its sculptural art and the tomb of the emperor.königslutter is also the site for a large psychiatric hospital . the hospital , run by awo can treat over 500 people plus outpatients and day - care therapy in the clinics in wolfsburg and peine .
katherine davis higgins ( born august 16 , 1969 ) is an american actress , singer , and jazz pianist.higgins 's major voice roles have been in english - language versions of japanese anime , and she is best known as the voice of sakura haruno in " naruto " and talho yuuki in eureka 7 . she has also voiced cc in " code geass " and saber in the original " fate / stay night " . between 2010 and 2013 , higgins voiced tails in the video game series " sonic the hedgehog " . she also voices kate , stinky , and lilly in the " alpha and omega " sequels . she is the current voice of princess aurora since 2010 .
popi malliotaki ( 16 october 1971 ) , is a greek singer . malliotaki has credited with gold record for her second album entitled " alli mia fora " . malliotaki was born in ierapetra , crete . popi has released three albums and several singles . she has collaborated with important greek artists in the music industry and is over 20 years in the song field . in 2008 after the great success of the third album entitled " popara " , she collaborated with mobile operator " helen q card " and released calling card with name " popara " which was the title of their third album.she has been married twice . from her first marriage with singer sakis galanis has a daughter and the name of the daughter is rania . her second marriage was in 1999 and lasted until 2008 . from her second marriage with businessman babis lazaridis has a son , vasilis.in december 2008 , her husband murdered by unknown men in the area of voula in athens .
stoke on tern is a village in shropshire , england . it is in the civil parish of stoke upon tern , next to the river tern.it is near to the border with staffordshire . in the 2011 census , the civil parish had a population of 2,034 people . the small villages of stoke heath , ollerton , eaton upon tern and wistanswick are also in the parish.the village is 6.5 miles ( 10.5 km ) south - west of the centre of market drayton and is around half way between market drayton and telford . the village of hodnet is 2.6 miles ( 4.2 km ) to the west.the village has a church and a primary school .
sharon kristin nelson ( née harmon ; june 25 , 1945 – april 27 , 2018 ) was an american primitive painter , actress and author . she was married to musician ricky nelson.she was the daughter of tom harmon and actress / model elyse knox , her younger siblings are model - actress kelly harmon and actor mark harmon.in 1988 , she married mark tinker , who encouraged her to paint . her brightly colored primitives found favor with jacqueline kennedy and mia farrow , among other celebrities , and they form the basis of her coffee - table autobiography " out of my mind " . nelson starred in " the adventures of ozzie and harriet " , " adam - 12 " , " the resurrection of broncho billy " , which won an academy award for best live action short movie , and " liar 's moon " . her daughter , actress tracy nelson , announced on facebook that her mother had suddenly died on april 27 , 2018 of a heart attack .
hodnet is a village and civil parish in the county of shropshire , england . it lies 5.7 miles ( 9.2 km ) south - west of the town of market drayton.the civil parish currently has a population of 1,534 . hodnet 's name has celtic origins derived from the welsh " hawdd " meaning pleasant or peaceful and " nant " , a glen or valley in old welsh . evidence of a bronze age burial site was discovered during construction of the bypass in 2002 . hodnet is recorded in the domesday book as odenet , and the village 's 17th - century hundred house was named for this reason.the village lies is on the a53 road from shrewsbury to newcastle - under - lyme . it is served by the 511 bus route , operated by arriva midlands , between shrewsbury and market drayton .
gomphotherium is an extinct genus of proboscid which evolved in the lower miocene of north america . it survived from 13.651.7 million years ago ( mya ) . they spread to asia , europe and africa after a drop in sea level allowed them to cross over . it survived into the pliocene , and its remains have been found in chile , china , france , germany , austria , kansas , tennessee , pakistan , kenya and bosnia and herzegovina . " gomphotherium " stood around high with an estimated weight of 4 - 5 tons , and looked similar to a modern elephant . however , it had four tusks ; two on the upper jaw and two on the long lower jaw . " gomphotherium " lived in dry wooded regions near lakes .
terza rima is a three - line rhyme scheme of italian origin . . the first line rhymes with the third one . the second line is free and can rhyme with a line in the next strophe.terza rima occurs in sonnets . sonnets are often composed of two quatrains and two terza rimas , for example abba abba cdc dcd . this scheme can be found in many italian , spanish and portuguese sonnets . this sonnet by the 16th century portuguese poet francisco de sá de miranda is a good example . < poem > " o sol é grande , caem co’a calma as aves , " " do tempo em tal sazão , que sói ser fria ; " " esta água que d’alto cai acordar - m ’ - ia " " do sono não , mas de cuidados graves . " " ó cousas , todas vãs , todas mudaves , " " qual é tal coração qu’em vós confia ? " " passam os tempos vai dia trás dia , " " incertos muito mais que ao vento as naves . " " eu vira já aqui sombras , vira flores , " " vi tantas águas , vi tanta verdura , " " as aves todas cantavam d’amores . " " tudo é seco e mudo ; e , de mestura , " " também mudando - m ’ eu fiz doutras cores : " " e tudo o mais renova , isto é sem cura ! " < / poem > usually terza rimas are linked to each other making long chain - like sequences . there is an extra line at the end of the sequence . the scheme of rhymes is : aba bcb cdc ded ... xyx yzy z. terza rimas are suitable for long poems . the best known example is the divine comedy by dante alighieri . perhaps every child in italy knows these lines by heart . < poem > " nel mezzo del cammin di nostra vita " " mi ritrovai per una selva oscura , " " ché la diritta via era smarrita . " " ahi quanto a dir qual era è cosa dura " " esta selva selvaggia e aspra e forte " " che nel pensier rinova la paura ! " " tant ’ è amara che poco è più morte ; " " ma per trattar del ben ch ’ i ’ vi trovai , " " dirò de l’altre cose ch ’ i ’ v ’ ho scorte . " < / poem > spanish poet bernardo de balbuena , who lived in mexico , wrote a long poem in terza rima named " grandeza mexicana " < poem > " oh tú , heroica beldad , saber profundo , " " que por milagro puesta a los mortales " " en todo fuiste la última del mundo ; " " criada en los desiertos arenales , " " sobre que el mar del sur resaca y quiebra " " nácar lustroso y perlas orientales ; " " do haciendo a tu valor notoria quiebra , " " el tiempo fue tragando con su llama " " tu rico estambre y su preciosa hebra ; " < / poem > in britain robert browning used terza rima in " the statue and the bust " : < poem > " there ’s a palace in florence , the world knows well , " " and a statue watches it from the square , " " and this story of both do the townsmen tell . " " ages ago , a lady there , " " at the furthest window facing the east , " " asked , “ who rides by with the royal air ? ” ' " the bridesmaids ’ prattle around her ceased : " " she leaned forth , one on either hand ; " " they saw how the blush of the bride increased . " < / poem > percy bysshe shelley invented a sonnet built of fout terza rimas and a couplet . it rhymes aba bcb cdc ded ee . shelley used it in " ode to the western wind " . it consists of five sonnets . let us look at the first one . < poem > " o wild west wind , thou breath of autumn 's being , " " thou , from whose unseen presence the leaves dead " " are driven , like ghosts from an enchanter fleeing , " " yellow , and black , and pale , and hectic red , " " pestilence - stricken multitudes : o thou , " " who chariotest to their dark wintry bed " " the winged seeds , where they lie cold and low , " " each like a corpse within its grave , until " " thine azure sister of the spring shall blow " " her clarion o'er the dreaming earth , and fill " " ( driving sweet buds like flocks to feed in air ) " " with living hues and odours plain and hill : " " wild spirit , which art moving everywhere ; " " destroyer and preserver ; hear , oh hear ! " < / poem > american poet robert frost in his poem " acquainted with the night " used aba bcb cdc dad aa scheme.jan kasprowicz , who translated shelley 's poem into polish , used this scheme in a work by his own . it is called " cisza wieczorna " . ( " evening silence " ) . another form composed of terza rimas is a villanelle . it is made up of nineteen lines . it rhmymes acording to the scheme aba aba aba aba aba abaa . an example is " do not go gentle into that good night " by welsh poet dylan thomas .
enn vetemaa ( june 20 , 1936 – march 28 , 2017 ) was an estonian writer sometimes called as a " forgotten classic " as well as " the unofficial master of the estonian modernist short novel " . vetemaa published " small novells " : tiredness ( усталость ) ( 1967 ) , " väike reekviem suupillile " ( written in 1967 , printed in 1968 ) , " munad hiina moodi " ( english : " chinese eggs " ) ( written – 1967 – 1969 , printed – 1972 ) . all together vetemaa wrote ten " short novels " vetemaa worked as a playwright . his play " õhtusöök viiele " ( dinner for five ) , first performed in 1972 , and the comedy " püha susanna ehk meistrite kool " ( " saint susanna or the school of masters " ) , first performed in 1974 , showed vetemaa ’s sharp eye and witty lines ; texts without which estonian theatre history would not be complete.vetemaa was born in tallinn , estonia . he died in tallinn on march 28 , 2017 , aged 80 .
a ( plural " " ) is a manor house or residence of the lord of the manor or a country house of nobility or gentry.it may have fortifications , but often has none . the term comes from french - speaking regions and is used most often for buildings in these regions . where clarification is needed , a fortified château ( that is , a castle ) is called a " château fort " . but the word is not used in the same way as " castle " is in english , and most châteaux are more appropriately described as " palaces " or " country houses " in english than as " castles " . for example , the château de versailles is so called because it was in the country when it was built , but it does not bear any resemblance to a castle , so it is usually known in english as the palace of versailles.the château de montsoreau is the first renaissance château to have been built in france , in the world famous loire valley . the château de montsoreau is also the only one to have been built in the loire riverbed .
a rain gauge is an instrument used by meteorologists and hydrologists to measure precipitation ( e.g . rain , snow , hail or sleet ) in a certain amount of time . it is usually measured in millimetres . rain gauge is a meteorological instrument for determining the depth of precipitation ( usually in mm ) that occurs over a unit area ( usually one metre square ) and thus measuring rainfall amount . one millimetre of measured precipitation is the equivalent to one litre of rainfall per metre square.usually a tapering funnel of copper or polyester of standard dimension allows the rain water to collect in an enclosed bottle or cylinder for subsequent measurement . the gauge is set in open ground with the funnel rim up to 30 cm above the ground surface . some gauges are calibrated to allow the amount of rainfall to be read directly ; with others it must be calculated from the depth of water in the container and the dimensions of the funnel.the second type of rain gauge is the autographic gauge which can be either of the tilting - siphon type or the tipping - bucket type . the recording chart on an autographic rain gauge is mounted on a drum which is driven by clockwork and typically rotates round a vertical axis once per day . for a tilting - siphon rain gauge , the rainwater in a collector displaces a float so that a marking pen attached to the float makes a continuous trace on the paper . the two buckets in a tipping - bucket rain gauge rest on a pivot so that when one bucket has received 0.2 ( or 0.5 mm ) of rain it tips by gravity , empties the rainwater and allows the other bucket to start collection . during the tip , an electrical switch is closed and triggers a nearby autographic recorder to register each 'til t ' , thus giving a fairly continuous record of precipitation and , in a more sophisticated form , even rainfall intensity . rain gauges must be sited in as representative a location as possible , but the choice of location is difficult , since many precipitation events are highly aggregate . king sejong the great was the man who introduced rain gauge to the world . there are advantages and disadvantages of this instrument .
sapeornis is a genus of primitive bird which lived during the lower cretaceous about 125120 million years ago ( mya ) . only one species is known : " sapeornis chaoyangensis " . the fossils are from the jiufotang formation and yixian formation rocks in the people 's republic of china . several nearly complete skeletons have been found . " sapeornis " is named after sape , the " society of avian paleontology and evolution " , added to the ancient greek " όρνις " ( ornis ) , meaning " bird " . " chaoyangensis " is latin for " from chaoyang " . this animal was about 30 – 33 cm long . the skull has a handful of teeth in the upper jawtip only . a single tail feather has been found on one of the specimens . it may have been a glider or soarer rather than an active flier .
josef " beppo " mauhart ( 14 september 1933 – 7 may 2017 ) was an austrian football executive and journalist . he was born in enns , austria . he was appointed to the supervisory board of " austria tabak " in 1972 and became deputy chairman there in 1976 . in 1977 , austria tabak became a sponsor of the fk austria wien football club . the club changed its name to " austria memphis " – a cigarette brand.from 1988 to 1995 , mauhart was ceo of " austria tabak " . from 1984 to 2002 , mauhart was president of the austrian football association . he had the longest tenure in the history of the association.mauhart died on 7 may 2017 in munich , germany from complications of a stroke at the age of 83 .
joan mari torrealdai nabea ( november 24 , 1942 – july 31 , 2020 ) was a spanish writer , journalist and sociologist . he was a member of euskaltzaindia ( the royal academy of the basque language ) . he was born in forua , spain.in 2003 , he was arrested and tortured by the government of spain in a campaign against the newspaper " euskaldunon egunkaria " . in 2007 he was appointed as a full member of the royal academy of the basque language . in 2011 he took charge of the azkue library of the academy.torrealdai died on july 31 , 2020 in basque country , spain from cancer at the age of 77 .
lierna is a " comune " in the province of lecco in lombardy , in north - west italy . it lies on the eastern shore of lake como . it is about north of milan and about north - west of lecco . it has an area of 11.3 km ² and has twelve " frazioni " : bancola , casate , castello , cisarino , genico , giussana , grumo , la foppa , mugiasco , olcianico , sornico and villa . at the end of 2014 the population was 2176 people , in 983 families.lierna borders the comunes of esino lario , mandello del lario , oliveto lario and varenna .
julian clare may ( july 10 , 1931 – october 17 , 2017 ) was an american science fiction , fantasy , horror , science and children 's writer . she had used several literary pseudonyms . she was best known for her " saga of pliocene exile " ( " saga of the exiles " in the united kingdom ) , beginning with " the many - colored land " and " galactic milieu series " books . she was born in chicago , illinois.may was married to author t. e. dikty from 1953 until his death in 1991 . in august 2015 , she was inducted into the first fandom hall of fame in a ceremony at the 73rd world science fiction convention.may died on october 17 , 2017 in mercer island , washington at the age of 86 .
diogo pinto de freitas do amaral ( ; 21 july 1941 – 3 october 2019 ) , known as freitas do amaral , was a portuguese politician , writer and law professor . he was minister of foreign affairs from 12 march 2005 to 3 july 2006 . he also was the prime minister in an acting role from 4 december 1980 through 9 january 1981 . he was born in póvoa de varzim , portugal.frietas do amaral was a candidate for president in 1986 and lost to mário soares by a small percentage . he was president of the united nations general assembly from 1995 through 1996 . in september 2019 , frietas do amaral was hospitalized in critical condition for bone cancer at a cascais hospital . he died at the hospital on 3 october 2019 at the age of 78 .
bankruptcy is a legal process which happens when a person or an organisation does not have enough money to pay all of its debts . legally they are insolvent.where it is a person who can not pay their debts , the person 's creditors may ask the court to appoint a " trustee in bankruptcy " . this is a professional accountant who is appointed by the court , to take control of the bankrupt person 's assets . some assets are protected by law , but the trustee in bankruptcy will sell off all of the other assets and use the money to pay as much of that person 's debts as possible . after the process is complete the person is " discharged from bankruptcy " , and the person is free from any further liability to pay those claims , but normally that person will be limited in their ability to borrow money again because their credit rating will be damaged.where it is an organisation which can not pay its debts , the creditors may ask the court to appoint a " liquidator " . the liquidator does a very similar job to the trustee in bankruptcy except that there are no assets which are protected so the liquidator can sell everything . once all of the assets of the organisation have been sold , the organisation is then " dissolved " and no longer exists . organisations do not get discharged from bankruptcy in the same way that a living person does .
urolagnia ( also urophilia , undinism ) is a paraphilia where people gain sexual pleasure from urine and / or urination . the term has origins in the greek language ( from " ouron " , urine , and " lagneia " , lust ) . those who enjoy urolagnia may enjoy urinating on other people , or being urinated on . the practice of drinking the urine is called urophagia , although this word also applies to non-sexual situations . people who practice urolagnia may participate in urolagnia as part of a domination and submission scene , though not all sexual activity involving urine is so.these activities are often described with the slang terms " golden showers " , " water sports " , or " piss play " . urolagnia is sometimes associated with omorashi , but omorashi is usually described in western culture using terms such as " bladder desperation " or " panty wetting " . in new zealand , publishing anything promoting or supporting urolagnia , whether in print or online , is an offence punishable by up to ten years in prison .
ralph rexford bellamy ( june 17 , 1904 – november 29 , 1991 ) was an american movie , television , stage , voice , radio actor , and comedian . he was known for his roles as randolph duke in " trading places " and in " coming to america " . bellamy was born on june 17 , 1904 in chicago , illinois . he was married to alice delbridge from 1927 until they divorced in 1930 . he was later married to catherine willard from 1931 until they divorced in 1945 . he was then married to ethel smith from 1945 until they divorced in 1947 . he was married to alice murphy from 1949 until his death in 1991 . bellamy died on november 29 , 1991 in santa monica , california from respiratory failure , aged 87 .
an idiom is a common word or phrase which means something different from its literal meaning but can be understood because of their popular use.because idioms can mean something different from what the words mean it is difficult for someone not very good at speaking the language to use them properly . some idioms are only used by some groups of people or at certain times . the idiom " shape up or ship out " , which is like saying " improve your behavior or leave if you do n't " , might be said by an employer or supervisor to an employee , but not to other people.idioms are not the same thing as slang . idioms are made of normal words that have a special meaning known to almost everyone . slang is usually special words , or special meanings of normal words that are known only to a particular group of people.to learn a language a person needs to learn the words in that language , and how and when to use them . but people also need to learn idioms separately because certain words together or at certain times can have different meanings . in order to understand an idiom , one sometimes needs to know the culture from which the idiom comes.to know the history of an idiom can be useful and interesting , but is not necessary to be able to use the idiom properly . for example , most native british english speakers know that " no room to swing a cat " means " there was not much space " and can use the idiom properly . however , few know this is because 200 years ago sailors were punished by being whipped with a " cat o ' nine tails " . a big space was cleared on the ship so that the person doing the whipping had room to " swing the cat " . an idiom is a phrase whose meaning can not be understood from the dictionary definitions of each word taken separately . the linguist 's term for the real meaning of an idiom is the subtext .
the euler - mascheroni constant is a number that appears in analysis and number theory . it first appeared in the work of swiss mathematician leonhard euler in the early 18th century . it is usually represented with the greek letter , formula_1 , although euler used the letters c and o instead . it is not known yet whether the number is irrational ( which would mean that it can not be written as a fraction with an integer numerator and denominator ) and / or transcendental ( which would mean that it is not the solution of a polynomial with integer coefficients ) . the numerical value of formula_1 is about formula_3 . italian mathematician lorenzo mascheroni also worked with the number , and tried , unsuccessfully , to approximate the number to 32 decimal places , making mistakes on five digits.it is significant because it links the divergent harmonic series with the natural logarithm . it is given by the limiting difference between the natural logarithm and the harmonic series : it can also be written as an improper integral involving the floor function , which gives the greatest integer less than or equal to a given number.the gamma constant is closely linked to the gamma function , specifically its logarithmic derivative , the digamma function , which is defined asfor formula_7 , this gives ususing properties of the digamma function , formula_1 can also be written as a limit .
racial profiling is a term which originated in the united states . the usual context is police stopping and searching citizens on the suspicion that they may have committed a crime . it is controversial because it is usually black citizens who are stopped and searched . in other countries ( for example the middle east ) religious and cultural differences may be the basis of police profiling.int the usa profiling has been tested in the courts a number of times . " terry v. ohio " was the first challenge to racial profiling in the united states in 1968 . this case was about african american people who were thought to be stealing . the police officer arrested the three men , searched them and found a gun on two of the three men . one of the men searched was convicted and sentenced to jail . the sentence was challenged on the grounds that the arrest violated the search and seizure clause of the fourth amendment . in an 8 - 1 ruling , the supreme court decided that the police officer acted in a reasonable manner , and with reasonable suspicion , under the fourth amendment . the decision in this case allowed the police to have discretion in identifying suspicious or illegal activities .
stickler syndrome , is sometimes called stickler 's dysplasia ( hereditary progrerssive arthro - ophalmo - dystrophy ) . it is a rare medical condition discovered by gunnar b. stickler in the early 1960s . it affects the way a person produces collagen.when someone has stickler 's they may have problems with their joints , eyes , ears , heart , and in some rare cases their skin . stickler syndrome affects around 1 in 10,000 people.there are six types of stickler syndrome known , and each has its own gene.some people may live long and productive lives if the condition is discovered early on .
beauty and the beast : the enchanted christmas is a 1997 direct - to - video animated movie . it was produced by the walt disney company . it takes place in the original " beauty and the beast " . it happens after the fight with the wolves and before the beast gives belle the castle library . in this movie , the beast does not allow christmas . this is because his change from the prince was on that time of year . belle , cogsworth , lumiere , mrs. potts , and chip convince him that christmas is a good holiday . the movie also shows the time the enchantress put the spell on the castle in more detail .
maaloula ( , " ma‘lūlā " , from the aramaic word ܡܥܠܐ , " ma‘lā " , meaning ' entrance ' ) is a town in syria dominated by speakers of western neo-aramaic . with two other nearby towns bakh ' a and jubb ' adin , it is the only place where the western branch of the aramaic languages is still spoken . the town is located 56 km to the northeast of damascus , and built into the rugged mountainside , at an altitude of more than 1500 meters . the distance and geological features only aided the longevity of this linguistic oasis for over one and half thousand years . however , modern roads and transportation , as well as accessibility to arabic - language television and print media - and for some time until recently , also state policy - have eroded that linguistic heritage . as of 2005 , the town has a population of 2,000 . religiously , the population consists of both christians and muslims . for the muslim inhabitants , the legacy is all the more remarkable given that they were not arabized , unlike most other syrians who like them were islamized over the centuries but also adopted arabic and shifted to an " arab " ethnic identity .
bahun ( khas brahmin ) ( ) are group of people belonging to brahmin caste in khas group , an indo - aryan ethno - linguistic group . generally , the parvate / pahari ( hilly ) brahmins are called as bahuns or khas bahuns . bahuns mainly served as priests , teachers and astrologers as per their caste . bahuns were able to hold government offices , administration and politics.according to 1854 " muluki ain " ( legal code ) of nepal , bahuns belong to " sacred thread bearers " ( yagyopavit ) and " twice born " ( dvija ) hindus .
hitoshi matsumoto ( born september 8 , 1963 in amagasaki , hyōgo ) is an japanese comedian , actor , producer and director . matsumoto is probably best known for being one - half of the comedy duo , downtown where he is the " boke " also with member masatoshi hamada who is the tsukkomi . while apart of downtown , matsumoto and hamada made two television shows , downtown no gaki no tsukai ya arahende ! ! and hey ! hey ! hey ! music champ . he directed , produced and starred in a movie called big man japan . the movie was shown at the 2007 cannes film festival in the directors ' fortnight section . the movie was nominated in 2007 for " best film " at the sitges - catalonian international film festival and in 2008 for " best visual effects " at the asian film awards . he is married to his wife ihara rin and they have a daughter that was born on october 6 , 2009 .
emiliano mondonico ( 9 march 1947 – 29 march 2018 ) was an italian professional footballer and coach . he played as a winger . in 1966 he was signed by cremonese , with whom he played one season in serie d and one season.mondonico began his managerial career with the cremonese youth team in 1979 . in 1981 , he became manager of the senior team.in 1990 , he joined torino , where he won the mitropa cup over pisa and finished in fifth - place in the league during the 1990 – 91 season.in 2012 , mondonico was fired as head coach by novara and later retired.mondonico died on 29 march 2018 from stomach cancer in milan at the age of 71 .
violet brown ( née mosse ; 10 march 1900 – 15 september 2017 ) was a jamaican supercentenarian who at the time of her death , at the age of , was the oldest verified living person in the world from the death of emma morano on 15 april 2017 until her death in september 2017 . she was also the first verified supercentenarian from jamaica and the oldest verified jamaican person ever.her date of birth was variously reported as 4 march 1900 , 10 march 1900 , and 15 march 1900 . however , it was officially recognised as 10 march 1900 by the guinness world records.brown was born when jamaica was a part of the british empire and was the last living former subject of queen victoria.brown died on 15 september 2017 at a hospital in montego bay , saint james parish , jamaica of heart failure caused by dehydration at the age of 117 .
kilik pass ( el . 4827 m. / 15,837 ft. ) , 30 km to the west of mintaka pass is a high mountain pass in pakistan . the two passes were , in ancient times , the two main access points into the upper hunza valley ( also called gojal valley ) from the north.this was the shortest and quickest way into northern kashmir from the tarim basin , and one that was usually open all year , but was extremely dangerous and only suited for travellers on foot . from tashkurgan one travelled just over 70 km south to the junction of the minteke river . heading some 80 km west up this valley one reached the mintaka pass , ( and 30 km farther , the alternative kilik pass ) , which both led into upper hunza from where one could travel over the infamous rafiqs or " hanging passages " to gilgit and on , either to kashmir , or to the gandharan plains.laden animals could be taken over the mintaka and kilik passes into upper hunza ( both open all year ) , but then loads would have to be carried by coolie ( porters ) to gilgit ( an expensive and dangerous operation ) . from there , cargoes could be reloaded onto pack animals again and taken either east to kashmir and then on to taxila ( a long route ) , or west to chitral which provided relatively easy access to either jalalabad , or peshawar via swat.the mintaka pass was the main one used in ancient times until the fairly recent advance of glacier ice . after the glaciation of the mintaka pass , the kilik pass was favoured by caravans coming from china and afghanistan as it is wider , free of glaciers and provided enough pasture for caravan animals.the new karakoram highway heads farther south , and then west over the khunjerab pass ( 4,934 m or 16,188 ft ; 36 ° 51 ' n ; 75 ° 32 ' e ) .
lamar hunt jr. ( born october 20 , 1956 ) is owner of a north american echl professional hockey team . he purchased sole ownership of the missouri mavericks in january 2015 . he later changed their name to the kansas city mavericks in june 2017 . team ownership is part of his family legacy as he is also the son of lamar hunt , who founded the american football league and the kansas city chiefs nfl team . recently forbes named the hunt family # 16 on americans richest families list , worth $ 13.7 billion dollars.hunt graduated from the university of cincinnati college - conservatory of music in 1979 . then he played flute for the kansas city symphony for nine seasons . today he serves on the board of the kansas city symphony.as a founder of loretto companies , lamar hunt jr. has distinct ventures in real estate , sports , and his charitable giving . under loretto commercial , hunt jr. works to develop commercial projects that thrive and are sustainable in order to add to the quality of life in kansas city . the loretto foundation helps to build strong families and encourage spiritual growth by focusing on catholic schools and charities in the kansas city area . loretto sports ventures is closely tied to hockey with his overall goal of growing the youth game of ice hockey by bringing the highest level of youth hockey to the kansas city metro .
walter daniel john tull ( 28 april 1888 – 25 march 1918 ) was an english professional footballer . he played as an inside forward for tottenham hotspur and northampton town . he was the second person of mixed race to play in the top division of the football league . he was the first mixed - race british outfielder in the top division of english football . his professional football career began after he was spotted while playing for his local amateur club , clapton f.c. . he began playing for clapton in 1908 . within a few months he had won winners ' medals in the fa amateur cup , london county amateur cup and london senior cup . in march 1909 the " football star " called him " the catch of the season " . tull was brought up in a national children 's home orphanage in bethnal green , london , along with his brother . they were placed there following the death of their parents . he joined tottenham in 1909 and transferred to northampton town in 1911 , where he made 111 first - team appearances.during the first world war , tull served in the footballers ' battalion of the middlesex regiment . he fought in the battle of the somme in 1916 . tull was commissioned as a second lieutenant on 30 may 1917 . this was in spite of the fact there was a ban on black people being given that status.tull fought in italy in 1917 – 18 . he was noted for his " gallantry and coolness " while leading his company of 26 men on a raiding party into enemy territory . he returned to france in 1918 . tull was killed in action on 25 march during the spring offensive . his body was never recovered.campaigners have called for a statue to be erected in his honour . northampton south mp brian binley has campaigned for tull to be posthumously awarded the military cross . he was honoured with a commemorative plaque in london placed close to where he lived . a walter tull commemorative coin is part of a set of £ 5 coins released by the royal mint .
pleading is usually the first step in a lawsuit . this is when parties formally submit their claims and defenses . a " complaint " is the first pleading filed by a plaintiff which starts the lawsuit . a complaint lists the relevant allegations of fact which leads to one or more legal causes of action . it also has a prayer for relief and sometimes a statement of damages claimed . this is called an " ad quod damnum " clause . in some situations , a complaint is called a " petition " . in this case the party filing a complaint is called the petitioner and the other party is the respondent . in equity , sometimes called chancery , the initial pleading may be called either a " petition " or a " bill of complaint in chancery " .
joseph charles wilson iv ( november 6 , 1949 – september 27 , 2019 ) was an american diplomat . he was best known for his 2002 trip to niger to investigate allegations that saddam hussein was attempting to purchase yellowcake uranium . his " new york times " op - ed piece , " what i did n't find in africa " ; and the leaking by the bush administration of information about the identity of his wife valerie plame as a cia agent.he also was the ceo of a consulting firm he founded , jc wilson international ventures , and as the vice chairman of jarch capital , llc.from 1992 through 1995 , he was the ambassador of gabon under the bill clinton presidency.wilson was born in bridgeport , connecticut . he studied at the university of california , santa barbara . wilson died of multiple organ failure in santa fe , new mexico at the age of 69 .
the british association for applied linguistics ( baal ) is an academic society . members are professional applied linguists , language teachers , and other people interested in these topics . baal is in the united kingdom . baal has more than 800 members . they meet at different places in the uk . the association publishes conference proceedings and a regular newsletter . it also gives scholarships to students . tess fitzpatrick , professor of applied linguistics in the centre for language and communication research at cardiff university , is the chair from 2015 - 2018 . baal 's annual meeting happens every september in the uk . baal is part of the " association internationale de linguistique appliquee " ( international association of applied linguistics , aila ) . in the uk , it is a registered charity . baal meetings usually have a theme.the theme of the 40th conference at the university of edinburgh was ' technology , ideology and practice in applied linguistics ' .
" ' fat lip ' " is a 2001 punk rock song by the canadian pop punk band sum 41 and is the first single from their debut studio album " all killer , no filler " , which was released in 2001 . the song was written by raine maida and was produced by both arnold lanni and raine maida . fat lip has been featured in several movies and video games , such as ea sports ' nhl 2002 , american pie 2 , guitar hero , guitarfreaks v4 , drummania v4 and guitar hero 5 ( downloadable track ) and smallville . the band has also performed fat lip on saturday night live . the music video was ranked as # 75 on " muchmusic 's 100 best videos " .
khatumo or khatumo state is a beesha darawiish unrecognized state in horn africa . it is inside somalia . it borders somaliland to the west , federal republic of ethiopia to the south and puntland to the east . in 1991 , when somalia 's government collapsed , the government of khatumo was called nsum . nsum stands for national somali unionist movement . in the next decade , it used to be called northland state . northland state areas were the areas claimed by the khatumo government . the name khatumo means " positive agreement " . this name was chosen after local dhulbahante clan leaders all agreed on creating the state in 2012 .
georges braque ( argenteuil , 13 may 1882 – paris , 31 august 1963 ) was a major 20th century french painter and sculptor who , with pablo picasso , developed the art movement known as cubism.french art critic louis vauxcelles first used the term " cubism " , or " bizarre cubiques " , in 1908 after seeing a picture by braque . he described it as ' full of little cubes ' , after which the term quickly gained wide use . art historian ernst gombrich described cubism as " the most radical attempt to stamp out ambiguity , and to enforce one reading of the picture – that of a man - made construction , a colored canvas " . the cubist movement spread quickly throughout paris and europe.a major idea of braque 's was the fractured stringed instrument as a cubist model . this he painted a number of times with variations , and made sculptures with fractured violins , guitars , etc. . , inside transparent acrylic ( perspex ) blocks . examples :
the ukulele ( from the hawaiian ʻukulele , pronounced ) is a musical instrument with four strings . it is also called the " uke " for short . ukuleles are part of the guitar family of instruments . the strings are usually tuned g , c , e , a ' or a , d , f , b. ukuleles normally have nylon strings or gut strings.ukuleles commonly come in four sizes : soprano , concert , tenor and baritone . sopranino and bass ukuleles also exist . sopraninos are tuned to standard tuning , however , baritone ukuleles are tuned to d , g , b , e ( the top four strings of a guitar ) . bass ukuleles are tuned e , a , d , g ( bass guitar and double bass tuning ) . the ukulele was invented in the 19th century in hawaii , where people got the idea from small guitar - like instruments known as cavaquinhos brought to the island by portuguese sailors .
central florida is the central region of the united states state of florida , on the east coast . the region enjoys a hot but stormy climate , with many thunderstorms , and hurricanes threatening often.the exact boundary of the area may be in dispute . central florida tends to be thought of as the area around metropolitan orlando , including orange , osceola , seminole , lake , brevard , and volusia counties . polk , flagler , and sumter counties are considered by some , including the local media , to be part of central florida . although geographically in the central part of the state , usually the west central coast , including hillsborough , pinellas , pasco , and hernando counties , is considered the tampa bay area or the suncoast , rather than a part of central florida . this area is known as the i - 4 corridor.in 2007 , the guessed total population of the central florida area was just over 3.8 million people . central florida is a mix of deep south and typical floridian culture . this is what makes the area unique.the largest cities in central florida are orlando , palm bay , lakeland , melbourne , deltona , daytona beach , kissimmee , altamonte springs and sanford.the region has grown over the last two decades . a lack of growth management has led to massive urban sprawl in the area . outdated and unplanned building has led to an overload of vehicle traffic . local governments , in dispute with each other over growth , have now started taking a more regional approach and several transportation programs .
the british rail class 304 is a type of electric multiple unit . they were built for suburban use on the first phases of the west coast main line electrification between crewe and manchester / liverpool / rugby . they were at first classed as am4 units and later became class 304 under the tops numbering system . they could be found in operation over most of the southern west coast main line . the units conformed to the 1959 - design for alternating current ( ac ) electrical multiple units , and were externally very similar to the class 305 , class 308 and the 1,200 v direct current ( dc ) class class 504 units . no units survived preservation , and all units were eventually scrapped .
piedmont blues ( also called east coast blues ) is a blues music style from the east coast of the usa . the name came from the piedmont , a hilly coastal area between richmond , virginia and atlanta , georgia . but the style is also played in maryland , delaware , west virginia , pennsylvania and florida.the main instruments are guitar , vocals , drums and bass . the piedmont style is played on acoustic instruments . the main difference to the delta blues is the ragtime based rhythm . the style is influenced by ragtime , country string bands , traveling medicine shows and popular song of the early 20th century . east coast piedmont blues blended both black and white , rural and urban song elements in the diverse urban centers of the southeast and mid-atlantic region . in contrast to delta blues , the piedmont blues were influenced by white music.in the early twentieth century artists such as blind boy fuller , blind blake , blind willie mctell , rev . gary davis and sonny terry made piedmont blues popular . women also played the piedmont guitar style , including etta baker and elizabeth cotten , whose “ freight train ” is one of the most recognized piedmont tunes . before the second world war piedmont blues was a style that was very popular with the african - americans of the south . the heyday was the 1920s and 1930s .
a bridle is a piece of equipment used to direct and control a horse . the bridle is the headgear that holds a bit which goes in the mouth of a horse , and also the reins that are joined to the bit.bridles are usually made of leather . they are made of different parts which are buckled together . the headpiece , also called a crownpiece , goes behind the horse 's ears . the browband is placed across the horse 's forehead . the throatlach goes behind the horse 's cheek . the cheekpieces extend across the horse 's cheek and attach to the bit . the noseband goes across the horse 's nose and under its chin . some bridles do not have a noseband . others have special nosebands designed to prevent the horse from opening its mouth too widely and crossing its jaw . sometimes , a strap called a martingale is attached to the noseband.a bridle without a bit uses a noseband to control a horse , and is called a hackamore , or a bitless bridle . bitless bridles work by pressure and leverage on the horse 's nose and chin groove . bitless bridles can be useful for horses that have problems with their mouths . it is more difficult to turn a horse using a bitless bridle , and bitless bridles can provide tremendous leverage and stopping power .
ultramega ok is the first album by the american grunge band soundgarden . it was released on october 31 , 1988 through sst records . following the release of the eps " screaming life " , released in 1987 , and " fopp " , released in 1988 , for the sub pop record label , the band signed with the independent record label sst and went to work on its first full - length studio album.the resulting album contained elements of psychedelic rock , classic rock , and hardcore punk . the band supported the album with a tour of the united states as well as its first overseas tour . in 1990 , the album earned a grammy award nomination for best metal performance .
adyar river is one of the two rivers that flows in chennai . it originates near the chembarambakkam lake , kanchipuram district.the long river contributes to the estuarine ecosystem of chennai . despite the high pollution levels , boating and fishing take place in this river . the river collects surplus water from about 200 tanks and lakes , small streams and the rainwater drains in the city , with a combined catchment area of . most of the waste from the city is drained into this river and the cooum river.adyar river starts from malaipattu tank near manimangalam village in sriperumbudur taluk at about west of tambaram near chennai . it starts to appear as a stream only from the point where water from chembarambakkam lake joins the river . it flows through kancheepuram , tiruvallur and chennai district for about before joining the bay of bengal in adyar , chennai . here it forms an estuary , which extends from the adyar bridge to the sandbar at the edge of the sea , with some small islets in - between . the estuary attracts a wide variety of birds . the estuary covering an area of about was made a protected wildlife reserve in 1987 . the river forms a backwater near the mouth , known as the adyar creek , due to the formation of sand bar at the mouth . this creek is a natural channel which carries tidal water back into the sea.the river is almost stagnant except during the rain season . rapid industrialisation and urbanisation has led to severe contamination of this river . however , the river gets just 10 per cent of the untreated sewage being let into the three principle waterways of chennai daily , with the other two , namely , the buckingham canal and the cooum river , taking the major share ( 60 per cent and 30 per cent , respectively ) . the problem of sedimentation was not severe as the adyar 's width near thiru.vi.ka . bridge is nearly that enabled tidal effect into the waterway for about . however , it was essential to provide groynes to keep the river mouth open for adequate width and prevent inundation during monsoon . in 2011 , the water resources department ( wrd ) proposed to construct groynes to reduce formation of sand bars near the mouth the river.in 2012 , the state government allotted 3,000 million towards construction of 337 sewage cleaning systems in the waterways in the city , including 49 locations in the adyar river . others include 105 points in cooum river and 183 locations in the buckingham canal .
anna elizabeth dewdney ( " née " luhrmann ; december 25 , 1965 – september 3 , 2016 ) was an american author and illustrator of children 's books . the first book she wrote and illustrated , " llama llama red pajama " ( 2005 ) , was given positive reviews . she also wrote many other books in the " llama llama " series . her works have been made into stage plays , dance performances , musicals and an animated television series for netflix.dewdney was born in new york city . she spent her early childhood in englewood , new jersey . she had two children with her partner , reed duncan.on september 3 , 2016 , dewdney died of brain cancer in chester , vermont . she was 50 .
frederick " fred " stoller ( born march 19 , 1958 ) is an american stand - up comedian , actor , voice artist and writer . he is best known for recurring role on " everyone loves raymond " . he has been in many movies such as the " open season " franchise and " austin powers in goldmember " . stoller has been very active as a guest star on many television series . he has been on " wizards of waverly place " , " hannah montana " , " dharma & greg " , " seinfeld " , and " scrubs " as well as many others . he wrote two episodes of " seinfeld " .
john ronald simm ( born 10 july 1970 in leeds , west riding of yorkshire ) is an english actor and musician . he grew up mainly in lancashire . his roles include two bafta award - winning bbc wales dramas : as sam tyler in the drama " life on mars " and as the master in the long - running science fiction series " doctor who " . he has appeared in many popular television dramas such as " the lakes " , " state of play " and two bafta award - winning serials ; " clocking off " and " sex traffic " . his movie roles include " human traffic " and " 24 hour party people " . he was nominated for the olivier and theatergoer 's choice award for the best actor 2008 . besides acting , simm was a founding member , songwriter and guitarist with the rock band magic alex .
the dodge durango is a full - sized suv that was built by chrysler 's dodge brand from 1998 to 2008 . the durango was discontinued in 2009 but returned in 2012 to share a platform with the jeep grand cherokee . the durango had two generations , the first generation was a mid-sized suv and was produced from 1998 to 2003 and the second generation which is a full - sized suv and was produced from 2003 - 2008 . chrysler briefly sold a variation known as the chrysler aspen , which was discontinued due to low sales . the durango is manufactured by daimlerchrysler , chrysler llc and fca us , llc from 2010 to now . the durango was discontinued because chrysler closed down their newark assembly facility which manufactured the durango . the customer can also order the durango in a hybrid version . fca recently announced the durango will be phased out and the plant it 's manufactured at will be converted into a jeep plant , which will be building the upcoming jeep grand wagoneer . the company also said the durango might make a comeback in 2017 .
cerulean is a range of colours from teal - blue , sky - blue , bright blue , or azure to deep cyan . the word cerulean comes from the latin word " caeruleum " , which means " sky " or " heavens " . this was in turn from latin " caeruleus " deep blue : resembling the blue of the sky.in classical times , this term was used to describe blue pigments , particularly mixtures of copper and cobaltous oxides , called genuine cerulean . these early attempts to create sky blue colours were often less than satisfactory due to greenish hues and lack of permanence . when the artificial pigment cerulean blue was invented people started using this instead.the first recorded use of " cerulean " as a color name in english was in 1590 .
jana novotná ( ; 2 october 1968 – 19 november 2017 ) was a professional czech tennis player.novotna was born in brno , czechoslovakia . she played a serve and volley game among women during her career . she won the women 's singles title at wimbledon in 1998 and was runner - up in three previous grand slam tournaments . she won a silver medal in doubles at the 1988 summer olympics . she won the silver medal in doubles and the bronze medal in singles at the 1996 summer olympics . novotná also won 12 grand slam women 's doubles titles and four mixed doubles titles . she reached a career - high singles ranking of world no . 2 in 1997 , and achieved the no . 1 ranking in doubles . novotná retired from the professional tour in 1999 . novotná died of cancer in brno on 19 november 2017 at the age of 49 . she was in a relationship with polish tennis player iwona kuczynska until her death .
game show network , or gsn , is a cable television network . it shows game show episodes . it airs in the united states . some shows the network airs include " pyramid " , " minute to win it " , " family feud " , " card sharks " , " idiotest " , " skin wars " and others.the company is jointly owned by directv and sony pictures television . the channel was launched on december 1 , 1994 . like wheel of fortune jeopardy match game who wants to be a millionaire ( 1999 ) until 2002 in 2002 syndicated verison & more in march 15 2004 april 17 2006 april 22 2007 present in march 15 2004 - april 22 2007 in 2008 present
healesville sanctuary , or the sir colin mackenzie fauna park , is a zoo at healesville in victoria . it only keeps animals that come from australia . it has a history of breeding australian animals . in 1943 it became the first zoo to breed a platypus . the only other zoo to have bred a platypus is sydney 's taronga zoo . it also helps by breeding the endangered helmeted honeyeater . it is one of three zoos in victoria run by zoos victoria ; the others are the melbourne zoo and the werribee open range zoo.the zoo is in a natural bush setting . paths wind through different habitat areas with wallabies , wombats , dingoes , kangaroos , and over 200 australian birds . there are tours , bird shows and information areas for visitors .
golf mill shopping center is a shopping mall at 239 golf mill center in niles , illinois , united states . the shopping center has a gross leasable area of 1.1 million square feet . it is managed by sterling retail services . it borders the intersections of golf road ( illinois route 58 ) , milwaukee avenue ( illinois route 21 ) and greenwood avenue . the shopping center has over 100 specialty shops , five department stores ( jcpenney , sears , target , kohl 's and ross dress for less ) , an amc theatres , two grocery stores ( shop & save market , gordon food service store ) , an xsport fitness gym , a 9 - story office tower and other outparcels . the mall was originally opened to the public in october 1960 . the mall was sold in 2014 for $ 60 million .
x-duckx is a french - canadian animated television series , that lasted for 78 episodes , directed by françois reczulski in 2001 , made by alphanim , france 3 , ytv , super écran and tooncan.the series chronicles the wacky and dangerous a duo of ducks , slax and geextah , fans of extreme sports adventures . both live , as their passion , extreme adventures that sometimes grow beyond their limits . in france , the series was first broadcast on france 3 in 2002 before being broadcast on jetix ( formerly fox kids ) from 2004 to 2006 . in canada , " x-duckx " was broadcast on super écran and ytv .
nepalinux is a debian and morphix based linux distribution focused on desktop usage in nepali language computing.it contains applications for desktop users like openoffice.org , nepali gnome and kde desktops , and a way for people to type nepali text.the development and distribution of nepalinux is done by madan puraskar pustakalaya . version 1.0 was produced as part of the pan localization project , with the support of the international development research centre ( idrc ) of canada . nepalinux is an effort of promoting free and open source software in nepal.in october 2007 , nepalinux was the joint recipient of the association for progressive communications ' annual apc foss prize .
transylvania is a historical region in central europe . in the past , it was a part of hungary , was an independent principality , belonged to the ottoman empire or was a province of austria - hungary . it has been part of romania since 1918 . the borders was made up by the siret river from east , river tisza from west of north and south by the carpathian mountains.transylvania 's main city , cluj - napoca , is seen as the region 's informal capital . but transylvania was also ruled from alba iulia during its dependence from the ottoman empire , and the seat of the transylvanian diet was moved to sibiu for some time in the 19th century.in popular culture , transylvania is mainly known as the seat ( and origin ) of count dracula . this vampire story by bram stoker is based on a local nobleman vlad iii the impaler , known for his cruelty . it also was the home of elizabeth báthory .
freethe20 is a campaign to call attention to women who are political prisoners around the world . the campaign names twenty women who are imprisoned unjustly . samantha power , the u.s . ambassador to the united nations , started the campaign for the twentieth anniversary of the beijing declaration.the reason for the campaign was to tell governments to stop putting women in prison , and to tell the women and their families that they are not alone . there were twenty names of women in twenty days , one for every year since the beijing declaration.in september 2015 , a bipartisan " # freethe20 " bill was introduced to the u.s senate . all twenty women senators of the two political parties supported the bill . they said ,
imber is a village in wiltshire , england , which has no people . it is on salisbury plain , a flat area in southern england . the people of imber were moved out in 1943 , and rehoused elsewhere . the whole area was needed as a training ground for the military . imber is now part of the british army 's largest training area in england.the area around imber has been settled since the iron age , before the romans came to britain . the first mention of the village was in saxon times , in 967 . the village is also listed in the domesday book . at that time , around fifty people lived there . the village has a church that was built in the 13th century . in the 14th century , about 250 people lived in the village . in 1851 , the population reached its peak at about 440 people . when they left in 1943 , about 150 people had to move .
the philip k. dick award is a science fiction award . it is named after science fiction and fantasy writer philip k. dick . it has been awarded since 1983 . dick died in 1982 . the prize is given to the best original paperback published each year in the us . it is given at the norwescon science fiction convention every year . the philadelphia science fiction society supports the award . the philip k. dick trust has supported the award since 2005 . books that have won the award have " best original sf paperback " printed on their covers.thomas disch started this award with help from david g. hartwell , paul s. williams , and charles n. brown . david g. hartwell and gordon van gelder manage the award now . some other people who have been in charge of the award include algis budrys and david alexander smith .
the edmonton oilers defeated the boston bruins in five games , capturing their fifth stanley cup championship . game five was played on may 24 , 1990 at the boston garden in boston , massachusetts . this victory marked the first time the oilers would win the stanley cup without wayne gretzky.the victory also became the first time the oilers would win the stanley cup on the road , away from northlands coliseum . game one in boston would eventually be settled in the third overtime period when petr klima scored at 15:13 for the oilers.the final score of game one was 3 to 2 for edmonton . the oilers bill ranford was awarded the conn smythe trophy , honoring him as the most valuable player of the 1990 stanley cup playoffs .
to save a life is a 2009 christian drama movie directed by brian baugh . actors of the movie include randy wayne , deja kreutzberg , robert bailey jr. , steven crowder and sean michael afable . the movie was released in theaters in the united states on january 22 , 2010 . the movie is written by jim britts . the movie was # 3 on fandango 's most requested tickets going into the weekend . the movie fell 53.6 % in its second weekend to $ 733,457 , and − 63.2 % to $ 269,684 in its third . the total sales accumulated $ 3,777,210 to date .
ellesmere island is part of the qikiqtaaluk region of the canadian territory of nunavut.it is in the canadian arctic archipelago , part of the queen elizabeth islands . cape columbia is the most northerly point of land in canada.the area of ellesmere island is , the world 's tenth biggest island and canada 's third biggest island . the arctic cordillera mountain system covers much of ellesmere island : it is the most mountainous island in the canadian arctic archipelago . the arctic willow is the only woody species to grow on ellesmere island.in 2001 , 168 people lived on ellesmere island . there are three settlements on ellesmere island including alert , eureka , and grise fiord.canadian forces station ( cfs ) alert on ellesmere island is the northernmost settlement in the world .
eudimorphodon is a recently discovered pterosaur , and comes from shale laid down upper triassic rocks in italy.a nearly complete skeleton was found in 1973 . this showed it was a member of the long - tailed sub-order of pterosaurs , the rhamphorhynchoidea . " eudimorphodon " was small in size , with 110 teeth packed into a jaw only 6 cms long . teeth at the front are fangs , further back the teeth are small and multipointed , many with five cusps . this is unique among pterosaurs , whose teeth are usually of a simple conical form.stomach contents showed it had eaten a small fish , " parapholidophorus " . the top and bottom teeth of " eudimorphodon " came into direct contact with each other when the jaws were closed , especially at the back of the jaw . the teeth were multi-cusped , and tooth wear shows that " eudimorphodon " was able to crush or chew its food to some degree . wear along the sides of these teeth suggests that " eudimorphodon " also fed on hard - shelled invertebrates.juvenile " eudimorphodon " had somewhat different and fewer teeth , and may have eaten insects.an unsolved puzzle is the flexibility of the tail , which lacks the very long stiffening vertebral extensions other long - tailed pterosaurs have . this flexibility is a basal trait ; its functional significance in this genus is unknown . however , it is known that the stiffened tail of " rhamphorhynchus " - like pterosaurs is a device which adds stability to their flight . without this stability , the animal would be more manoeuvrable , but their flight would need more control by the brain .
the 1977 pacific hurricane season officially started may 15 , 1977 in the eastern pacific , and june 1 , 1977 in the central pacific , and lasted until november 30 , 1977 . these dates start and end the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeast pacific ocean . the season was very inactive.this season had a record low level of activity . only eight tropical storms formed , and four hurricanes . no major hurricanes formed . the next time this happened was during the 2003 season . also , there was just one cyclogenesis in each of may , june , july , august , and october , which is also low . activity in the central pacific was zero , as no storms formed there nor moved in from the east . strangely enough it was also not very active in the eastern pacific or the atlantic .
yugoslavia sent athletes to the olympic games for the first time in 1920 . before this , several athletes from croatia , slovenia and vojvodina were on the olympic teams of austria or hungary when those countries were part of the empire of austria - hungary . a small team of two athletes been sent from the serbia to the 1912 summer olympics . " yugoslavia " has been the name for olympic teams from three distinct nations : two of the nations that were at one time part of yugoslavia , ( croatia and slovenia ) , started sending their own teams to the olympics at the 1992 winter olympics . as of the 2008 summer olympics , all six former parts of yugoslavia were sending their own teams to the games .
clockwork means the inner workings of mechanical machines clocks ( where it is also called a " movement " . also other similar mechanisms with a complex series of gears.a clockwork mechanism usually has a clockwork motor . this has a mainspring , a spiral of metal ribbon . energy is stored in the mainspring by " winding it up " , turning a key attached to a ratchet which twists the mainspring tighter . then the force of the mainspring turns the clockwork gears , until the stored energy is used up . the adjectives " wind - up " and " spring - powered " refer to mainspring - powered clockwork devices . these include clocks and watches , kitchen timers , music boxes , and wind - up toys .
heinrich schütz ( born köstritz , saxony , 8 october 1585 ; died dresden , germany , 6 november 1672 ) was the greatest german composer of his time . as a young man he travelled to italy to learn the art of composition from the great italian composers . he had lessons from giovanni gabrieli . when gabrieli died in 1612 schütz returned to germany . he visited italy a second time in 1628 to learn from the music of claudio monteverdi . he also visited copenhagen . for much of his life he was a court composer at the electoral chapel in dresden . most of his work consists of choral works especially motets and madrigals . he was very good at writing counterpoint and his music has some very striking effects . his " christmas oratorio " is particularly famous .
social capital is the willingness of people to help each other.it often replaces money which people would use to buy the same help.society works best when there is plenty of social capital . the less social capital there is , the more social problems there usually are . if there is no social capital , war and revolution often results.people who have no money and can not get help from society may have to agree to do things they do not want to do , or force others to do things they do not want to . organized crime grows in this way , and so do forced labour and slavery.most ways of measuring social capital have to do with trust - people who trust that favours and help will be available when they need it will favour and help others more . those who are seen as trying to get a free ride will get much less help . a social climber tries to earn social capital by making friends with those who have it but without actually helping . some call this kind of person a social parasite . they are very hard to detect , unlike people who cheat or commit fraud . when there are too many of these kinds of people , especially when they are politicians , people begin to mistrust their government . rather than work with a political party to change law , they may start to look for direct revenge for things.social capital is a lot like real capital . the more money a person or a society has , the easier it is to do things and the better off people are . the less money , the more difficult things become and the worse people feel .
the coral sea is a small sea off the north east coast of australia . it has queensland on its west side and the islands of vanuatu and new caledonia on its east . on the north edge is the solomon islands , and in the south it joins the tasman sea . the great barrier reef is in the coral sea . it has a warm climate , it often rains and there are often tropical cyclones . it covers an area of about four times the size of great britain . the wwf describe the coral sea as being one of the last complete tropical wilderness areas on earth . it has beautiful coral reefs with many different sea creatures including grey and white tip reef sharks , hammerheads , manta rays , tuna , barracuda , turtles , whales and the rare nautilus.australia claims many of the islands as part of its 780,000 square kilometre coral sea islands territory . most of them are small coral or sand islands , and only one has people living on it . it has a population of only four .
an anvil is a hard piece of metal which is used as a workbench when making things out of iron or steel . an anvil is used by a blacksmith when he needs to hammer hot iron to bend it into the shape he wants . a blacksmith can make new shoes for horses.anvils were known in the bronze age and possibly earlier . they were used in ancient greece and ancient egypt . they are still in use today , although not nearly as much as 100 years ago when there were many more horses.anvils are extremely heavy . they are made in different sizes . the 17th century writer john bunyan was a tinker ( someone who mends pots and pans ) . he walked around the villages of bedfordshire with a small anvil and a few tools on his back . his anvil was wedge - shaped , so that he could knock it into the ground when he needed to do a repair . his anvil is now in the john bunyan museum in bedford .
st blazey is a small town in cornwall , united kingdom , in the civil parish of st blaise . the name st blaise is also used by the town council . the population in the 2001 census was 6632 . st blazey is east of st austell . once an important engineering centre for the local mine and railway industries , the parish is now dominated by the eden project.historically copper and tin were mined in and around the parish , whilst more recently china clay has been the principal commodity mined . the port of par harbour , which is in the parish , was built to make transporting these minerals easier . the cornwall minerals railway , which had a depot and station in the town , was also used to move them.the eden project is within the civil parish , and about from the centre of the town . the large number of visitors this attracts has led to the development of tourism in the town .
conficker ( also known as downup , downadup and kido ) is a computer worm that first showed up in october 2008 . it targeted the microsoft windows operating system . it is not known where the name " conficker " came from . " internet experts " have guessed that the name comes from a mix between two different words : " configure " and " ficken " , the german word for " fuck " . conficker was believed to be the worst computer worm since the sql slammer worm in 2003 . it was estimated 15 million computers were infected with conficker . the virus was supposed to get worse on april 1 , 2009 , which caused many people to worry about it . however , there were no bad effects.on 13 february 2009 , microsoft offered a $ 250,000 usd reward for help with finding and arresting the people who created the computer worm .
john roger shankly hynd ( 2 february 1942 – 18 february 2017 ) was a scottish professional footballer . he played as a centre half.he started his playing career at rangers , for whom he played in the 1967 european cup winners ' cup final , before moving to the football league.he played nearly 300 league games for crystal palace , birmingham city . for a short time , he served as manager of motherwell before leaving professional football to work as a pe teacher . he was the nephew of bill shankly.in 2012 , hynd was one of seven former players elected to birmingham city 's hall of fame . hynd died in february 2017 , aged 75 .
this is a list of episodes for the american television series , " buffy the vampire slayer " . the series began on march 10 , 1997 and aired until may 19 , 2003 . in that time , 144 episodes of the series were made.seasons one to five of the series ran on the wb . in 2001 , it moved to the united paramount network ( upn ) for its final two seasons . in the united kingdom , the entire series aired on sky one and bbc two.all the seven seasons of the series are available on dvds for regions 1 and region 2 . two all - season collections ( " the chosen collection " and " the complete dvd collection " ) have been also been released .
joseph papp ( born joseph papirofsky ; june 22 , 1921 – october 31 , 1991 ) was an american theatrical producer and director . he created the public theater in what had been the astor library building in lower manhattan.he produced david rabe , ntozake shange 's " for colored girls who have considered suicide when the rainbow is enuf " , charles gordone 's " no place to be somebody " , and michael bennett 's pulitzer prize – winning musical , " a chorus line " . papp also founded shakespeare in the park , helped to develop other off - broadway theatres and worked to preserve the historic broadway theatre district . he was born in new york city.papp died on october 31 , 1991 in new york city from prostate cancer , aged 70 .
the $ mexican peso ( sign : $ ; code : mxn ) is the currency , or money , of . the symbol used for the peso is " $ " , which is the same as for the us dollars it got its symbol from the spanish - mexican currency . it is one of the most traded currencies in the world . the current iso 4217 code for the peso is " mxn " ; before its value was changed in 1993 , the code " mxp " was used . the peso is made up of 100 " centavos " , represented by " ¢ " . the name comes from the spanish words " pesos oro " ( gold weights ) or " pesos plata " ( silver weights ) . the meaning of peso in english is weight .
bobby dunbar was an american boy whose disappearance at the age of four and apparent return was widely reported in newspapers across the united states in 1912 and 1913 . in august 1912 , the dunbars took a fishing trip to nearby swayze lake in st. landry parish , louisiana . on august 23 , while on that trip , bobby dunbar disappeared.after an eight - month nationwide search , investigators believed that they had found the child in mississippi , in the hands of william cantwell walters of north carolina.dunbar 's parents claimed the boy as their missing son . however , both walters and a woman named julia anderson said that the boy with him was anderson 's son . julia anderson could not afford a lawyer , and the court eventually sided for the dunbars . percy and lessie dunbar retained custody of the child , who proceeded to live out the remainder of his life as bobby dunbar.in 2004 , dna test found that the boy found with walters and " returned " to the dunbars as bobby had not been a blood relative of the dunbar family . since the dna testing is conclusive , the fate of the actual bobby dunbar remains unsolved .
bromate is an ion . its chemical formula is bro . it contains bromine in its +5 oxidation state . it is more common than hypobromites , perbromates , and bromites . sodium bromate is an example . bromates are strong oxidizing agents.bromates are made by reacting bromides with ozone . they can also be made by electrolysis of a hot bromide solution . chlorine dioxide can react with bromide when in sunlight to make bromate . bromates can be made by reacting potassium hydroxide with bromine . this makes bromide and bromate . bromates can be made by reacting bromic acid with a base.it might be a carcinogen . it is made when bromide is in water and reacted with ozone or chlorine . sometimes water with too much bromate has to be gotten rid of .
ahmadou babatoura ahidjo ( 24 august 1924 – 30 november 1989 ) was a cameroonian politician . he was the first president of cameroon , holding the office from 1960 until 1981 . ahidjo played a major role cameroon 's independence from france as well as reuniting the french and english - speaking parts of the country . he was also the country 's first prime minister from january 1960 to may 1960 . ahidjo resigned from the presidency in 1981 , and paul biya replaced him . ahudjo was accused of being behind a coup plot against biya in 1984 . he ahidjo was sentenced to death , but he died of a heart attack on 30 november 1989 at the age of 65 .
a joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling . joysticks are often used to control video games , and usually have one or more push - buttons whose state can also be read by the computer . a popular variation of the joystick used on modern video game consoles is the analog stick.the joystick has been the principal flight control in the cockpit of many aircraft , particularly military fast jets , where centre stick or side - stick location may be employed.joysticks are also used for controlling machines such as cranes , trucks , underwater unmanned vehicles and zero turning radius lawn mowers . miniature finger - operated joysticks have been adopted as input devices for smaller electronic equipment such as mobile phones.truest
eastern ontario is a subregion of southern ontario in the canadian province of ontario . it is a wedge - shaped area between the ottawa river and the saint lawrence river . quebec is to the north and the u.s. state of new york is to the east and south . the subregion is sometimes called southeastern ontario . according to the canada 2011 census , it had a population of 1,603,625 . it has an area of . the following counties are in eastern ontario : sometimes hastings county , prince edward county , and northumberland county are also included in eastern ontario but usually they are considered part of central ontario . large cities in eastern ontario include ottawa , cornwall , and prescott.french explorers and fur traders were the first europeans in the subregion . a large number of franco - ontarian still live in eastern ontario . after the american revolutionary war , many united empire loyalists moved into eastern ontario .
the council of the european union " ( often called council of ministers or just council ) " is one of the three organisations that manage the european union . along with the european parliament , it is responsible for law making for the european union ( eu ) . its members are the government ministers of the member countries who are responsible for the law that is being discussed . as an example , suppose the law is going to be about farming , then the agriculture ministers are the council for that day.as well as making laws , they can meet to discuss their problems . for example , the european union does not decide on tax - each country decides on its own tax . but the finance ministers meet anyway because sometimes they can help each other catch people who do not want to pay tax at all.the council is called different things in different countries , according to the language they speak ( for example in french it is " conseil de l'union européenne " and in german it is " rat der europäischen union " ) . it is also known internationally , and so it appears on its logo , with the latin word consilium.a simple way of putting it , is that the ' council of the european union ' is helped by most countries in the world and it is very important .
stephanie natalie marie cole ( february 6 , 1950 – december 31 , 2015 ) , better known as simply natalie cole , was an american singer - songwriter . she was a daughter of nat king cole and maria cole and the niece of freddy cole . she became successful during the mid to late 1970s as an r & b musician . after a period of low musical sales due to heavy drug addiction , she reemerged as a pop artist in 1987 . during the 1990s , cole won multiple grammy awards . she also appeared in many tv programs.cole died in los angeles , california on december 31 , 2015 from congestive heart failure caused by heart disease . she was 65 .
the peace corps is an independent united states federal agency . the peace corps was started by executive order 10924 on march 1 , 1961 , and allowed by congress on september 22 , 1961 , with passage of the peace corps act ( public law 87 - 293 ) . the first president of the peace corps was sargent shriver . the peace corps act says the purpose of the peace corps is : “ to promote world peace and friendship through a peace corps , which shall make available to interested countries and areas men and women of the united states qualified for service abroad and willing to serve , under conditions of hardship if necessary , to help the peoples of such countries and areas in meeting their needs for trained manpower . ” since 1960 , more than 190,000 people have served as peace corps volunteers in 139 countries .
muskmelons ( " cucumis melo " ) are a type of melon . cantaloupes are a popular type of muskmelon , but there are other types like the honeydew melon . they come from persia ( iran ) and nearby countries . they were transported west to europe near the time of christ 's birth . the name cantaloupe comes from the italian town they were cultivated in : " cantalupo " " nel sannio " the name of the muskmelon comes from the words " musk , " which means " perfume " in persian and " melon , " which is french and comes from a latin word melonem ( melo in the accusative form - direct object function in a sentence ) that means " fruit of a cucurbit . "
latin american canadians are canadians with ancestry from latin america . they may also be called " latino canadian " and " latin canadian " . as of 2011 , there were 381,280 latin american canadians in canada.most latin american canadians speak two or more languages . they usually speak spanish and / or portuguese along with english and french.a lot of latin american canadians came to canada in the late 20th century . they came to canada because it has better economic opportunities than their native country . some cubans came to canada to escape fidel castro 's regime . other latino americans left their country because canada offered freedom from war.in 2011 , most latin american canadians had mexican ancestry ( 18.6 % ) . other common ancestries were colombian ( 16.2 % ) , salvadoran ( 11.7 % ) , peruvian ( 7.1 % ) , chilean ( 6.7 % ) and brazilian ( 6.1 % ) . almost all latino american canadians are christian .
john constable ( east bergholt , suffolk 11 june 1776 – london , 31 march 1837 ) was an english painter and artist.his family had plenty of money because his father owned a business running corn mills . constable 's father wanted his son to take over the business after him , but constable started painting at an early age , and convinced his father to let him follow art as a career.he married maria bicknell in 1816 , and they had seven children . she died in 1829 of tuberculosis.his paintings are treasures of british art , but in his lifetime his work was appreciated more in france . constable 's most famous painting , " the hay wain " ( now in the national gallery in london ) , was first shown at the paris salon in 1824 . he had to wait until he was 52 years old before the royal academy voted that he should be a member.constable was influenced by the french painter claude lorrain . his most famous paintings are landscapes showing the countryside around dedham and flatford , where his father 's mills were .
fasting is a kind of abstinence . it is when someone does not eat or drink for some specified period of time . it is only the case if the person does so of his or her own will . it may also be that the person only eats and drinks certain kinds of food . most often , fasting is done for religious reasons . depending on the tradition , fasting practices may forbid sexual intercourse , ( or any sexual desire ) , masturbation , as well as refraining from eating certain types or groups of food ( e.g . meat ) . fasting for religious and spiritual reasons has been a part of human custom since pre-history . it is mentioned in the qur ' an , in the mahabharata , in the upanishads , and in the bible , in both the old and new testament . in buddhism it is also taught as a way to getting nirvana.in almost all cases , there are exceptions for observing the fasting . these are made for the following groups of people
the northeastern united states , or simply the northeast , is a region defined by the us census bureau . it consists of new england , new york , pennsylvania and new jersey . the border states of delaware and maryland and other states are sometimes included in other definitions of the northeast . cities in the northeast include boston , philadelphia and new york city.the following table provides information about the population , size ( land area ) and population density of states in the northeast region as defined by the u.s. census bureau . population density is defined as the population divided by the area of land in the state or region . the rank column in the table shows how the states rank among the entire 50 states in population density . note that new jersey has the highest population density of any state and that the 4 highest density states are all in the northeast . the rank for the census divisions ( in pink ) is the rank in population density among the 9 total divisions in the country . note that the two divisions in the northeast ( new england and mid-atlantic ) are ranked # 1 and # 2 in the 2013 population estimate . the south atlantic region was close behind new england and is projected to surpass new england in the next population estimate because it is growing faster . finally , note that the entire northeast region is ranked # 1 among the 4 census bureau regions . with 345.5 people per square mile , the population density of the northeast is about 2.5 times the density or the # 2 ranked region which is the south .
banksia is a genus of plants common to australia , they were named after joseph banks . the " banksia " are noted for their unique flowering.it is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family proteaceae . as australian wildflowers and popular garden plants , they are easily recognised by their characteristic flower spikes and fruiting " cones " . they can vary from woody shrubs to trees up to 30 metres tall . they are generally found in a wide variety of landscapes : ( occasionally ) rainforest , shrubland , and some more arid landscapes , though not in australia 's deserts.they produce plenty of nectar , and are a vital part of the food chain in the australian bush . they are an important food source for all sorts of nectariferous animals , including birds , bats , rats , possums and a host of invertebrates . also , they are of economic importance to australia 's nursery and cut flower industries . " banksia " plants are threatened by land clearing , frequent burning and disease , and a number of species are rare and endangered .
andrzej witold wajda ( 6 march 1926 – 9 october 2016 ) was a polish movie director , movie producer , and screenwriter . he is known for his works in " a generation " , " kanał " , " ashes and diamonds " , " man of iron " , " the promised land " , " the maids of wilko " , and in " katyń " . he won an honorary academy award in 2000 . wajda was born in suwałki , poland . he studied at the łódź film school . wajda was married four times , first three ended in divorce . he had a daughter.wajda died of respiratory failure on 9 october 2016 at a hospital in warsaw , aged 90 .
don aurelio mosquera narváez ( 2 august 1883 – 17 november 1939 ) was an ecuadorian politician , who was the president of ecuador from december 1938 to november 1939 . mosquera was born in quito . he studied medicine in quito , then went to paris to carry in with his education.in 1938 , after the removal of manuel maría borrero , he was named president of ecuador . during his short time as president , with the support of the army , he dissolved the national assembly and reestablished the constitution of 1906 , known for its secularity.his term as president ended when he died on november 17 , 1939 in quito from a heart attack , aged 56 .
paul the octopus ( said to be hatched january 2008 at oberhausen , germany – 26 october 2010 ) was an octopus living in a tank at a sea life centre in oberhausen , germany . paul became famous around the world for correctly " choosing " the winner of germany 's seven matches at the 2010 world cup , as well as the final.during the divinations , paul was shown two boxes with a mussel inside them , for food . each box had , on the outside , a flag of a football team . paul would eat the mussel from the box with the flag of the winning team . he did this correctly in four of germany 's six euro 2008 matches , and in all seven of their matches in the 2010 world cup . he correctly chose a win for spain against the netherlands in the world cup final . his predictions were 100 % ( 8/8 ) right for the 2010 world cup and 86 % ( 12/14 ) correct overall . paul was retired after the 2010 fifa world cup .
anxiety is distress or uneasiness of mind cause by fear of danger or misfortune . very often , people with anxiety also feel worries . there can also be physical symptoms , like having a headache or an upset stomach.anxiety is a very common human emotion and is often associated with fear , panic , and the fight or flight response . the amount of stress needed to cause anxiety will vary from person to person however , basics include : losing one 's job , the death of a loved one , or an accident to name a few . in most people , anxiety will settle over time and one will return to normal state.some people suffer a lot of anxiety over a long period of time which controls them and makes their lives difficult . these conditions are called anxiety disorders and can be treated by therapy and medicine.general anxiety is a disorder in which the victim is constantly worried or fearful about situations or things that normally would n’t bother them or others . when this continual anxious state starts to interfere with their social , family and work life , and prevents them functioning in a normal fashion , they may be said to have a general anxiety disorder ( gad ) . general anxiety symptoms are things such as ; continual tiredness / exhaustion , inability to relax , lack of confidence , low self - esteem , fear of public places , fear of socializing , frequent feelings of irrational anxiety / fear , compulsive behavior , worrying about making mistakes , regular nightmares , disturbed sleep patterns , excessive crying , headaches , stomach problems , diarrhea , nausea , aching muscles , and so on.symptoms of anxiety attacks are things like ; sweating , shaking and tremors , palpitations , shortness of breath , hyperventilating , racing heart beat , tingling in hands and feet , feeling of impending doom , feeling you are having a heart attack . there are more , but these are the usual ones .
the buick regal is a mid-size car that is built by general motors 's buick brand . the buick regal has had five generations , the newest one in 2011 . the assembly for the car 's are in shanghai , china , rüsselsheim , germany and oshawa , ontario , canada . prior to the fifth generation buick regal was strictly front - wheel drive , beginning with the fifth generation all - wheel drive ( awd ) became an option . from 1974 - 2003 certain generations shared the same frame and design with the buick century , in 1997 the regal was released with a new design making it a more upscale version of the century the only changes were the grille and interior .
the football writers association of america ( fwaa ) is an organization of about 1,200 sports writers in the united states . they attempt to achieve better working conditions for writers . each year , the fwaa picks an all - america team of college football players . the organization also selects the eddie robinson coach of the year , the bronko nagurski trophy winner , the outland trophy winner , the grantland rice award winner , a freshman all - america team , and weekly defensive player of the week . as well as developing scholarship programs and surveys for better working conditions . since 1954 , the association has awarded the grantland rice trophy to the college football team they choose to be the national champion .
eastern chalukyas , also known as the chalukyas of vengi , was a dynasty that ruled parts of south india . it ruled for a period from the 7th century to the 12th centuries . they started out be as governors of the chalukyas of badami in the deccan region . later they became powerful . they ruled the vengi region of present - day andhra pradesh until c. 1130 ce . after 1130 ce they continued their rule under the overlordship ( feudatory ) of the chola.originally , the capital of the eastern chalukyas was located at the vengi city . later the capital was shifted to rajahmundry.throughout their history the eastern chalukyas were the cause of many wars between the more powerful cholas and western chalukyas . eastern chalukyan rule of vengi saw the growth of telugu culture , literature , poetry and art throughout the region .
" radio bart " is the thirteenth episode of the simpsons third season . it was first shown on the fox network in the united states on january 9 , 1992 . in this episode , bart gets a microphone that transmits sound to nearby am radios . to play a prank on the people of " springfield " , bart places a radio deep inside a well and uses the microphone to trick the town into thinking a little boy is stuck in it . at first his trick worked , but soon realizes that he left a " property of bart simpson " label on the radio and goes to get it . bart becomes trapped in the well and while the town decides to leave him there after finding out about the prank , his father homer tries to rescue him .
the 2003 pacific hurricane season saw an strangely big number of tropical cyclones affect mexico . the biggest cyclones in 2003 were hurricanes ignacio ( which killed 2 people in mexico ) and marty ( which killed 12 people in mexico ) . those hurricanes were responsible for nearly $ 1 billion ( 2003 usd ) in damage . three other pacific storms and three atlantic storms also affected mexico . the only other big storm of the season was hurricane jimena . hurricane jimena passed just to the south of hawaii . hurricane jimena was the first storm to go near hawaii for several years.the season officially started on may 15 , 2003 in the eastern pacific , and on june 1 , 2003 in the central pacific , and lasted until november 30 , 2003 . these dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern pacific ocean . the season saw 16 tropical storms form , which is about average . however , this season was the first pacific hurricane season since 1977 to have no systems become major hurricanes by reaching category 3 or higher on the saffir - simpson hurricane scale .
hoverflies , sometimes called ' flower flies ' or ' syrphid flies ' , are the insect family syrphidae.as their common name suggests , they are often seen hovering or sucking nectar at flowers . the adults of many species feed mainly on nectar and pollen , while the larvae ( maggots ) eat a wide range of foods.in some species , the larvae are saprotrophs , eating decaying plant and animal matter in the soil or in ponds and streams . in other species , the larvae are insectivores and prey on aphids , thrips , and other plant - sucking insects.aphids alone cause tens of millions of dollars of damage to crops worldwide every year . hoverflies are important natural enemies of these pests , and can be used in biological control . some adult syrphid flies are important pollinators.about 6,000 species in 200 genera have been described . hoverflies are common throughout the world and can be found on most continent except antarctica.hoverflies are harmless to most other animals despite their mimicry of the black and yellow stripes of wasps . they are a classic example of batesian mimicry . the batesian mimic is a sheep in wolf 's clothing : it looks like something dangerous or which tastes disgusting , but in reality it is good to eat . hover flies look roughly like little wasps , and their warning colouration is well - known to birds .
in february 10 , 2018 an israeli f - 16 airplane was shot down by the syrian air defense force near the border between syrian and israel . two pilots were injured . two hours later , the israeli force attacked syria . ever since the iranian revolution 1979 , it had been unusual for israel to attack syria . the attack can be considered part of the ongoing iran - israel proxy conflict in the middle east . a proxy war is when two countries really mean to fight or compete with each other but instead attack each other 's allies . israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said he did not want iranians to have bases and put troops and weapons close to israel 's borders .
the standard error is the standard deviation of the sampling distribution of a statistic . the term may also be used for an estimate ( good guess ) of that standard deviation taken from a sample of the whole group.the average of some part of a group ( called a sample ) is the usual way to estimate the average for the whole group . it is often too hard or costs too much money to measure the whole group . but if a different sample is measured , it will have an average that is a little bit different from the first sample . the standard error of the mean is a way to know how close the average of the sample is to the average of the whole group . it is a way to know how sure you can be about the average from the sample.in real measurements , the true value of the standard deviation of the mean for the whole group is usually not known . so the term " standard error " is often used to mean a close guess to the true number for the whole group . the more measurements there are in a sample , the closer the guess will be to the true number for the whole group .
surveying is the technique and science of accurately finding out the position of points and the distances and angles between them . these points are usually , but not always , associated with positions on the surface of the earth . they are often used to make land maps and boundaries for ownership of land . a person who does the surveying is called a surveyor . in order to find the information they need , surveyors use geometry , engineering , trigonometry , mathematics , physics , and law.surveying has been very important in the development of the human environment since the beginning of recorded history ( ca . 5000 years ago ) and it is a requirement planning of nearly every form of construction . its most common uses are in the fields of transport , building and construction , communications , mapping , and the making of legal boundaries for land ownership .
lake ülemiste ( ) a lake in estonia . it is the largest of the lakes near tallinn , the capital city . tallinn takes its drinking water from this lake . the lake gets its water mostly from the small kurna stream and the larger pirita river ( through the vaskjala - ülemiste canal ) . there is a legend about this lake . the legend says that the " old man of lake ülemiste " ( ) lives in the lake . when anyone meets him , he always asks : " is tallinn ready yet ? " . if the other person answers " yes , the city is ready . " , then the old man will send the lake waters out to cover the city of tallinn . in this way , if anyone meets this old man , they should answer : " no , the city is not ready . there is a lot of work to do still . " in this way the city can be saved .
the almendares river is a 45 km river in the western part of cuba . it originates from the east of tapaste and flows north - west into the straits of florida . the river is a water supply for havana.the river divides two districts of havana : the plaza de la revolución ( miramar ) and playa ( vedado ) . part of the river valley forms the almendares park or metropolitan park of havana ( pmh ) , a few kilometers upstream from the ocean.there are several industrial plants along the river banks ( paper mills , gas production plants , brewery , food production plants , construction plants ) . the havana authorities continue to monitor and control water pollution , reduce and rationalizeindustrial occupation , maintain the old trees and the vegetation in the park . the area is gradually becoming a green oasis with playground , a few restaurants and footpaths .
florida a & m university or famu , is a public , historically black university in tallahassee , florida . its official name is florida agricultural and mechanical university . florida a & m university was built on the highest of seven hills in tallahassee . it opened on october 3 , 1887 . it is one of the largest historically black universities in the united states , in number of students . it awards bachelor 's , master 's and doctorate degrees.famu 's main campus is in tallahassee . it is close to the state capitol and the campus of florida state university . the university also has campuses in orlando , miami , jacksonville , tampa and crestview .
the river fowey is a river in cornwall , united kingdom , which follows an irregular course across bodmin moor and enters the english channel at fowey.there is a ferry between fowey and bodinnick . the first road crossing going upstream is in lostwithiel . the river has seven tributaries , the largest being the river lerryn . the part of the fowey valley between doublebois and bodmin parkway railway station is known as the glynn valley ( from glynn house , cardinham ) . the valley is the route of both the a38 trunk road and the railway line ( built by the cornwall railway in 1859 ) . the catchment area of the river fowey covers a total of consisting of various types of rock .
grimsby ( population 26 000 ) is a town on lake ontario in the niagara region , ontario , canada . grimsby is a part of the hamilton census metropolitan area . most of its population lives in the area surrounded lake ontario and the niagara escarpment . the escarpment is home to a section of the bruce trail . there are many famous people from grimsby , including nhl player kevin bieksa , and the three stooges director del lord . grimsby is known as " the gateway between hamilton and niagara " . in the early 1900 's , grimsby was known as an amusement park , with a roller coaster , a movie theater , and cabins on the lake . one of grimsby 's elementary schools , grand avenue public school , used to be the fairgrounds for the amusement park .
bitcoin is a digital and global money system currency . it allows people to send or receive money across the internet , even to someone they do n't know or do n't trust . money can be exchanged without being linked to a real identity . the mathematical field of cryptography is the basis for bitcoin 's security.bitcoin was invented by someone using the name satoshi nakamoto . a bitcoin address , or simply address , is an identifier of 26 - 35 letters and numbers , beginning with the number 1 or 3 , that represents a possible destination for a bitcoin payment . addresses can be generated at no cost by any user of bitcoin . for example , using bitcoin core , one can click " new address " and be assigned an address . it is also possible to get a bitcoin address using an account at an exchange or online wallet service.there are currently two address formats in common use : common p2pkh which begin with the number 1 ; e.g . : 1bvbmsestwetqtfn5au4m4gfg7xjanvn2 . newer p2sh type starting with the number 3 ; e.g . : 3mxknxvapwv6qkmoqv99mbuxz2xppewhn9 .
diana serra cary ( born peggy - jean montgomery ; october 26 , 1918 – february 24 , 2020 ) , known as baby peggy , was an american silent movie actress , author , and historian . cary was one of the last surviving actors from the silent movie area . she retired in 1938 . she then wrote books about her career.cary was born on october 26 , 1918 in merced , california . she studied at lawlor professional school and at fairfax high school . she was raised in san diego , california.cary was married to gordon ayres from 1938 until they divorced in 1948 . then she was married to bob cary from 1954 until his death in 2001 . she has one son , mark cary.cary died on february 24 , 2020 in gustine , california at the age of 101 .
stalemate is a situation in chess where the player whose turn it is to move is not in check but has no legal move.when stalemate occurs , the game is a draw . actual stalemate is rare , but the threat of stalemate has a big effect on endgame play . many k + r + p vs k + r endings are drawn when stalemate can not be avoided . the existence of stalemate is a main reason why draws are common in chess , but rare in the chess derivative shogi.in the old arabic form of chess , shatranj , stalemate was a win for the side with the most pieces . the idea of stalemate as a draw in modern chess took a long time to be agreed . it was finally decided by the early 19th century british master j.h . sarratt in the london chess club rules of 1807 .
aaron rome ( born september 27 , 1983 in nesbitt , manitoba ) is a canadian ice hockey defenseman . he currently plays for the dallas stars of the national hockey league ( nhl ) . he has also played in the whl for a combined 8 seasons with the saskatoon blades , kootenay ice , swift current broncos and the moose jaw warriors . he formerly played in the nhl for the columbus blue jackets , anaheim ducks and the vancouver canucks . he was on the anaheim ducks when they won the stanley cup in 2007 but he did not qualify to have his name engraved on the cup . he did however get a stanley cup ring and a day to spend with the cup in the off - season.on june 6 , 2011 , rome was given a four - game suspension because of a late hit that he did on boston 's nathan horton during game three of the 2011 stanley cup finals . the hit gave horton a concussion and he was sent to the hospital .
kelp forests are a type of marine ecosystem that is present around colonies of kelp ; they contain rich biodiversity . kelp can stretch 2 - 30 meters or more ( up to 60 m in " macrocystis pyrifera " ) from their anchors on the sea floor to the surface . it provides a vertical infrastructure that is home to many fish and invertebrate species . kelp forests also often attract mammalian visitors , including whales , sea lions , sea otters , and scuba - diving humans.kelp forests draw their name from an analogy to forests on land.in some places , sea urchins eat so many kelp plants that the kelp forest becomes an urchin barren .
a dissenting opinion ( or dissent ) is an opinion in a legal case . it is written by one or more judges expressing disagreement with the majority opinion of the court . in some cases , they simply declare a disagreement with the majority opinion . in other cases they may be used to instruct , prod , or otherwise try to convince other justices of the point of view expressed by the minority.when not necessarily referring to a legal decision , this can also be referred to as a minority report.dissenting opinions are normally written at the same time as the majority opinion and any concurring opinions . they are also delivered and published at the same time . a dissenting opinion does not create binding precedent nor does it become a part of case law . however , they can sometimes be cited as a form of persuasive authority in subsequent cases when arguing that the court 's holding should be limited or overturned . in some cases , a previous dissent is used to spur a change in the law . a later case may result in a majority opinion adopting a particular rule of law formerly advocated in dissent . as with concurring opinions , the difference in opinion between dissents and majority opinions can often highlight the precise holding of the majority opinion . chief justice charles evans hughes stated in 1936 : " a dissent in a court of last resort is an appeal " . the dissent may disagree with the majority for any number of reasons : a different interpretation of the existing case law , the application of different principles , or a different interpretation of the facts .
in geometry the parallel postulate is one of the axioms of euclidean geometry . sometimes it is also called euclid 's fifth postulate , because it is the fifth postulate in euclid 's elements.the postulate says that : " if you cut a line segment with two lines , and the two interior angles the lines form add up to less than 180 ° , then the two lines will eventually meet if you extend them long enough . " the field of geometry which follows all of euclid 's axioms is called euclidean geometry . geometries which do not follow all of euclid 's axioms are called non-euclidean geometry .
the tour of flanders is a flanders classics road cycling race . it is held in belgium every spring . it is a week before the paris – roubaix road race . the tour of flanders is part of the uci world tour . it is one of the monuments of the european professional calendar . it is the most important cycling race in flanders . its nickname is " vlaanderens mooiste " which is dutch for " flanders ' finest " . when the race began in 1913 the starting city was ghent with the end of the race in mariakerke . it has changed twelve times since then . in 2012 the race starts in bruges and ends in oudenaarde.the race has a number of short , sharp hills . the race gives prizes to the first cyclist to go up 17 of these hills . these hills make the race very challenging . " " looking back , you get a bit nostalgic , but from a competitive point of view , flanders was one of the most horrible races to ride but one of the greatest races to win . " " - sean kelly
shareef abdur - rahim ( born december 11 , 1976 ) is an american retired professional basketball player . he currently works as the director of player personnel for the sacramento kings of the national basketball association ( nba ) and is the general manager of the reno bighorns , the kings ' nba d - league affiliate.abdur - rahim played college basketball at the university of california , berkeley with the golden bears . he was selected 3rd overall by the vancouver grizzlies in the 1996 nba draft . during his time with the grizzlies , he became the team 's leading scorer and set a franchise record of 18.7 points per game . he averaged 6.9 rebounds and 2.2 assists in 35 minutes per game . he also finished 3rd in balloting for the schick nba rookie of the year behind the philadelphia 76ers ' allen iverson and the minnesota timberwolves ' stephon marbury , and was picked for the all - rookie first team . during the next few seasons , abdur - rahim was the centerpiece of the grizzlies team . he improved his performance the following years with 22.3 ppg , 7.1 rpg and 2.6 assists per game ( apg ) in his sophomore season and 23.0 ppg , 7.5 rpg , and 3.4 apg in the next season . even through his best effort , the grizzlies were still at the bottom two spots of the midwest division in his first four seasons.on june 27 , 2001 , the grizzlies traded abdur - rahim and the 27th overall pick to the atlanta hawks for brevin knight , lorenzen wright and pau gasol , the 3rd overall pick in the 2001 nba draft . the hawks finished the 2001 – 02 season with a 33 – 49 win - loss record . abdur - rahim 's performances , which included a career - high 50 - point game , earned him a selection to the nba all - star game for the season . on december 28 , 2002 , he became the fifth - youngest player in nba history to reach 10,000 - points with a jump shot against the washington wizards . even though glenn robinson , jason terry and abdur - rahim all combined to average 57.9 ppg and become the highest - scoring trio in the league for the 2002 – 03 season , the team was unable to make the playoffs again . abdur - rahim played in all but one of game for the hawks.on february 9 , 2004 , the hawks traded abdur - rahim along with theo ratliff and dan dickau to the portland trail blazers for rasheed wallace and wesley person . at the end of the 2004 – 05 nba season , he became a free agent.during the 2005 off - season , he was traded through a sign and trade agreement ( in principle ) to the new jersey nets for a first - round draft pick . on august 4 , 2005 , it was revealed that he failed a required physical because of scar tissue found in his knee . the trade was put on hold , pending a second opinion from other medical sources . on august 7 , abdur - rahim was quoted as saying : " right now i do n't feel i want to be a net " . on august 12 , 2005 , abdur - rahim signed a free - agent contract with the sacramento kings.during his first season with the kings , he averaged 16.0 ppg , 6.2 rpg and 3.0 apg as a starter . he shot .543 for field goal percentage , and almost .800 from the free throw line . the kings were able to qualify for the 2006 playoffs . he made his postseason career debut against the san antonio spurs . at the same time , abdur - rahim ended a streak of having played the most number of games in nba history without participating in the post-season . on september 22 , 2008 , abdur - rahim announced that he was retiring from basketball because of a constant knee injury . the next week , he joined the kings ' coaching staff as an assistant . he was hired as the kings ' assistant general manager on october 7 , 2010 .
a virtual private network , or vpn is a set of technologies which are used to link computers to create a private network . another network is used to carry the data , which is encrypted . the carrier network will see the packets of data which it routes . to the users of the vpn , it will look like the computers were directly connected to each other.the vpn model can guarantee the following : in a business context , vpns are often used to connect different office locations , or to allow people working from outside the company network to access its resources . people can use their computer to connect to their work network and see work websites that can not be seen on the normal internet.similarly , the encryption process allows vpn to offers anonymity by hiding the user and making it very hard for anyone to track them . as a result , vpn helps make one 's online activities on the web anonymous and undecipherable . < vpn is often used to access websites that are blocked in some countries , like china . many people also use a vpn to protect their internet activity while using public wifi.vpn can also be used to connect corporate offices to the larger branch offices , also known as site - to - site vpn . this is because direct network connections are impractical between offices that are physically distant.common vpn protocols include openvpn , cisco anyconnect , and ipsec .
voltage is what makes electric charges move . it is the ' push ' that causes charges to move in a wire or other electrical conductor . it can be thought of as the force that pushes the charges , but it is not a force . voltage can cause charges to move , and since moving charges is a current , voltage can cause a current.electric potential difference is the true scientific term but is commonly called voltage . informally , voltage or electric potential difference is sometimes called " potential difference " . voltage is also called , in certain circumstances , electromotive force ( emf ) . voltage is an electrical potential difference , the difference in electric potential between two places . the unit for electrical potential difference , or voltage , is the volt . the volt is named in memory of alessandro volta . one volt equals one joule per coulomb . the symbol for the unit volt is written with an uppercase v as in ( 9v ) . according to the rules of the international system of units , the symbol for a unit with a name derived from the proper name of a person is uppercase.please note that the volt and voltage are two different things . the volt is a unit by which we measure something . both electric potential and voltage are things we measure and the volt is the unit of measure for both . the symbol for the unit volt is written with a v ( 9 volts or 9 v ) . when voltage is used in a formula , it can be typeset in italics , e.g. , formula_1 , or written in cursive . if there is only a single letter symbol to go by , a lowercase v may be used , e.g. , formula_2 or formula_3 . electrical engineers use the symbol formula_4 for voltage , e.g. , formula_5 , to make the difference between voltage and volts very clear.technically , the voltage is the difference in electric potential between two points and is always measured between two points . e.g . between the positive and negative ends of a battery , between a wire and the ground , or between a wire or a point of a circuit and a point in another part of the circuit . in everyday use with household electricity in the u.s. the voltage is most often 120v . this voltage is measured from the electric wire to the ground.note that there must be both voltage " and " current to transfer power ( energy ) . for example , a wire can have a high voltage on it , but unless it is connected , nothing will happen . birds can land on high voltage lines such as 12kv and 16kv without dying , because the current does not flow through the bird.there are two types of voltage , dc voltage and ac voltage . the dc voltage ( direct current voltage ) always has the same polarity ( positive or negative ) , such as in a battery . the ac voltage ( alternating current voltage ) alternates between positive and negative . for example , the voltage from the wall socket changes polarity 60 times per second ( in america ) or 50 times per second ( uk and europe ) . the dc is typically used for electronics and the ac for motors .
carlos edwin " carly " colón , jr. ( born on february 21 1979 ) is a puerto rican professional wrestler better known internationally by his ring name carlito . he was best known for his time that he spent with world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) where he won the intercontinental championship , the united states championship and the world tag team championship and wwe tag team championship with his brother primo . colon was released by the wwe on 21 may 2010 . since then , he is wrestling on the independent circuit.he is also a canadian citizen since the new citizenship laws went into effect in canada on april 18 , 2009 , which automatically gave him citizenship as well as citizenship ( retroactive to date of birth ) to all individuals born outside of canada in the first generation born abroad to a canadian parent ( he was born in the first generation abroad – puerto rico – to a canadian mother ) .
cantabria is a region in the north of spain . it has 563,000 people living in it . in cantabria most people speak spanish . the people of cantabria have autonomy in spain , which means they have their own local government and much control over their region . the capital is santander . this city is on the coast of the cantabrian sea and is very popular with tourists . cantabria belongs to the green spain , the name given to the strip of land between the cantabrian sea and the cantabrian mountains in northern spain.many different examples of prehistoric cave art have been found , suggesting the cantabrian culture is at least 15,000 years old . cave art is the best known feature of the cantabrian life . the latest round of systematic cave explorations began in the early 1970s . now new art can be discovered every year . some of the cave art is engraved , and others are painted . much of the cave art is of animals . there are often pictures of red deer found from this area of spain . there are also other unusual symbols that can be found . this attracts much interest and many tourists to this culture . the cantabrian life revolves mainly around art , tourism , and fishing . rich deposits of coal , iron , and zinc are also mined in the cantabrian mountains . tourism is a very large part of the cantabrian life , and their economic success.cantabria is known for a rainy and cool climate . the region is also greener than southern spain and is very mountainous .
a video game developer is a person who makes games on computers and other game systems . some developers make games for only one or two types of game systems , others might even make one kind of game . some games are only for one system . developers might try and make a copy of such game to another , different system . some translate games from one language to another.video game developers work in " development companies " . there are over 1,000 development companies today . a big part of that thousand is very small companies , that usually only have one or two workers - these kind of small companies make games for the internet or mobile phones . some development companies are big , too . they have buildings in many places and hundreds of workers .
this election was between vice president george h. w. bush ( republican ) and governor of massachusetts michael dukakis ( democratic ) . bush capitalized on a good economy , a stable international stage , and on president ronald reagan 's popularity , running an aggressive campaign . meanwhile , dukakis 's campaign suffered from several miscues , including failure to defend from bush 's attacks . this allowed bush to win with a substantial margin of the popular vote ; while winning the electoral college by a landslide . since the 1988 election , no candidate has managed to equal or surpass bush 's number of electoral votes won or popular vote percentage.vice president george h.w . bush won the election by 426 electoral votes . governor of massachusetts michael dukakis got 111 electoral votes . lloyd bentsen got 1 electoral vote by a west virginia faithless elector .
polio vaccines are vaccines that prevent poliomyelitis ( or polio ) . two types of polio vaccines are used throughout the world.the first type was developed by jonas salk and first tested in 1952 . announced to the world by salk on april 12 , 1955 , it is an injection of inactivated ( dead ) poliovirus . the second type was an oral vaccine developed by albert sabin , using attenuated poliovirus . an attenuated virus is a much less harmful strain of the same virus . human trials of sabin 's vaccine began in 1957 and it was licensed in 1962 . there is no long term carrier for poliovirus ( carriers are people who carry the virus but have no symptoms of the disease ) , and polioviruses have no non-primate reservoir in nature . the virus can not survive in the open environment for a long time . therefore , interruption of person to person transmission of the virus by vaccination is the key step in removing polio entirely . the two vaccines have eliminated polio from most countries in the world . polio worldwide has dropped from about 350,000 cases in 1988 to 1,652 cases in 2007 .
warner bros. entertainment inc. ( commonly called warner bros. ) is a large entertainment group and movie studio . it is owned by warnermedia . warner bros. is known for looney tunes . they own the copyrights to the harry potter movie series , the batman movie series , and superman movie series , the dc extended universe and the it duology . they also produced the tv show friends.warner bros. is a very large company . warner brothers was founded on april 04 , 1918 . its founders were jack l. warner : albert warner : harry warner : and sam warner . it was founded in hollywood , california . it has won several awards including the academy award for best picture .
wozzeck is an opera by the austrian composer alban berg ( 1885 - 1935 ) . it was composed between 1914 and 1922 and first performed in 1925 . berg wrote this opera before the period when he used serialism in his works . his teacher schoenberg had not yet developed the twelve tone system . the music of " wozzeck " has tonal music in the tradition of mahler , but also some atonal music ( music which is not based on any key ) as well as melodies which are based on the whole tone scale . the music sounded very modern at the time it was written . berg also writes for the voices in unusual ways : sometimes they have to half - speak , half - sing ( this is called sprechgesang ) . the opera is based on a play called " woyzeck " by the german playwright georg büchner . " woyzeck " was an unusual drama because , instead of being a story about someone important such as a king or a god , it was about a poor man who is not very smart and is bullied and misused by other people . when berg wrote the opera nearly a century later , it was still an unusual story for an opera . the heroes in operas were usually important people , while working people often had comic parts : they were often servants . but wozzeck is a simple man who can not help what is happening to him . in drama this is sometimes called an " anti-hero " .
robert francis " bobcat " goldthwait ( born may 26 , 1962 ) is an american actor , comedian , screenwriter , and director . he is known for his energetic stage personality and his gruff , high - pitched voice . some movies that he has directed are " sleeping dogs lie " ( 2006 ) , " world 's greatest dad " ( 2009 ) and " god bless america " ( 2011 ) . his voice acting credits include " hercules " ( 1997 ) and " leroy & stitch " ( 2006 ) . he has also had guest appearances on television shows like " madtv " , " bob 's burgers " , " regular show " , " adventure time " , " fish hooks " , " sabrina , the teenage witch " , " married ... with children " and " the simpsons " . goldthwait was born in syracuse , new york .
the federation of saint kitts and nevis ( , also known as the federation of saint christopher and nevis ) , is a federal nation made up of two small islands in the caribbean sea . it is the smallest independent country in the western hemisphere.the capital city is basseterre . it is on the main island of st kitts , also called saint christopher . the island of nevis has some rights of self - government and two seats in the federal parliament.st kitts and nevis is about one - third of the way from puerto rico to trinidad and tobago.the headquarters of the eastern caribbean central bank is in st kitts . that bank controls the east caribbean dollar .
john ellis " jeb " bush ( born february 11 , 1953 ) is an american businessman and politician . he served as the 43rd governor of florida from 1999 to 2007 . bush is the second son of former president george h. w. bush and former first lady barbara bush , the younger brother of former president george w. bush , and grandson of the late prescott bush , united states senator from connecticut . following his father 's successful run for vice president in 1980 , he moved to florida and pursued a career in real estate development . in 1986 , bush was named florida 's secretary of commerce , a position he held until his resignation in 1988 to help his father 's successful campaign for the presidency.in 1994 , bush made his first run for office , losing the election for governor by less than two percentage points to the incumbent lawton chiles . bush ran again in 1998 and defeated lieutenant governor buddy mackay with 55 percent of the vote . he ran for reelection in 2002 . he won with 56 percent to become florida 's first two - term republican governor . during his eight years as governor , bush helped create environmental improvements , such as conservation in the everglades , supporting caps for medical malpractice litigation , moving medicaid recipients to private systems , and creating reforms to the state education system , including the issuance of vouchers and promoting school choice.bush was a candidate for the republican nomination in the 2016 presidential election .
samurai champloo is a japanese anime television show . mugen is a fierce animal - like warrior with a unique bboying ( break - dance ) inspired fighting style . jin has a more traditional style . the two opposing samurai warriors are far from friends , yet their split paths seem to cross anyways . mugen is wandering aimlessly through the city when he walks upon a teahouse where he meets jin and fuu . fuu convinces them both to come with her in search of a mysterious samurai that smells like sunflowers and their journey begins . this modernized hip - hop tale breaks the barriers of the common , historical , samurai anime.this anime contains 26 episodes and two seasons , documenting the journey of these three misfits . the episodes are shown on adult swim from time to time , but never consistently . whenever on american television , only the first season is aired .
the diatonic scale is one of the scales used in music . it is also called heptatonic scale , because it uses seven distinct pitch classes or tones . for each octave there are five whole steps and two half steps . the two half steps are separated by two or three whole steps . the word " diatonic " comes from the greek , meaning progressing through tones.the seven pitches of any diatonic scale can be obtained using a chain of six perfect fifths . an example of this would be the seven natural pitches which form the c - major scale . it can be constructed from a stack of perfect fifths starting from f : this property of the diatonic scale is called pythagorean tuning . it was historically relevant and contributed to the worldwide diffusion of diatonic scales , because it allowed musicians to tune musical instruments easily by ear.any sequence of seven successive natural notes , such as c - d - e-f-g-a-b , and all transpositions , are diatonic scales . piano keyboards are designed to play natural notes , which are diatonic scales , with their white keys . a diatonic scale can be also described as two tetrachords separated by a whole tone.the term " diatonic " originally referred to the diatonic genus , one of the three genera of the ancient greeks . in musical set theory , allen forte classifies diatonic scales as set form 7 – 35 . the following scales are diatonic : examples of scales that are not diatonic are whole - tone scales , as well as the gypsy scales , which are often used for folk music .
half - life is a series of video games created by valve corporation . the player plays as a character named gordon freeman , who is a survivor of a terrible accident at the black mesa science research company . a group of scientists make a portal to another dimension , and accidentally let in many alien monsters that start killing everyone.in the first game , " half - life " , made in 1998 , you play through this disaster and try to escape.in 2004 , the sequel , " half - life 2 " , was released . " half - life 2 " was followed by two expansions , " " and " " . a related game , " portal " , was released in 2007 and takes place in the same universe . " portal " , " half - life 2 " , " half - life 2 : episode one " , " half - life 2 : episode two " , and " team fortress " ( an unrelated game ) were put together into one package for sale in 2007 . this package is known as " the orange box " .
fotbal club cfr 1907 cluj ( ' cfr ' stands for " căile ferate române " , meaning romanian railways ) is a romanian association football club from cluj - napoca in transylvania , romania . the club spent most of its history in the lower divisions . great financial gains in 2002 led them to reach the liga i in 2004 . the following season , the cfr cluj took part in the uefa intertoto cup and finished as runners - up . for the first time in their history , the club won the liga i in 2008 . that season , they took the title away from the teams of bucharest for the first time in 17 years . since 2004 , they have won the liga i 3 times , the romanian cup 3 times and the romanian supercup twice.the teams colours are purple and white , and their biggest rival is universitatea cluj .
stegodon is a genus of the extinct subfamily stegodontinae of the order proboscidea . stegodonts were present from 11.6 million years ago ( mya ) to the late pleistocene . there are unconfirmed records of regional survival until 4,100 years ago . fossils are found in asian and african strata dating from the late miocene . they lived in large parts of asia , east and central africa and north america during the pliocene and pleistocene epochs.some " stegodon " species were among the largest of all elephants . some adults were 13 feet ( 4 m ) high at the shoulder and 26 feet ( 8 m ) long , not including 10 feet ( 3m ) long nearly straight tusks . some were much smaller due to island dwarfism.the teeth of stegodon show that it was mainly a browser .
oxygen therapy , also called supplemental oxygen , is when oxygen gas ( o ) is used for medical treatment by giving the gas to the patient for inhalation . it can be used for ilnesses like hypoxia , carbon monoxide toxicity , and cluster headaches . it can be used over a long time for people who suffer with illnesses that lower oxygen levels in the blood like copd and cystic fibrosis . it can be given in a few different ways such as through a nasal cannula , face mask , or inside a hyperbaric chamber . oxygen levels need to be high enough for respiration to keep a patient healthy and for normal cell metabolism .
parasitoids are parasites whose larvae develop inside another organism 's body . this usually results in the death of the host , which sets them apart from ' traditional ' parasites . there are twelve superfamilies of parasitic wasps which are entirely or mainly parasitoid . the largest family are the ichneumons , with over 80,000 species.in parasitoids the adult stage is free - living : it finds the ' host ' for the next generation . their mother places them , as eggs , on or in the body of a ' host ' , which provides food for their growth.normal parasites use vectors as their main means of getting to other hosts.in hymenoptera , there are many variations , and the distinction between the ' parasitic ' and the ' traditional ' hymenoptera can run very thin.in britain there are about 6500 species of hymenoptera more than in any other insect order and just one of the parasitoid superfamilies , ichneumonoidea , contains nearly half of them . most workers now recognise only two families in ichneumonoidea . these are ichneumonidae , with over two thousand british species , and braconidae , with nearly 1200 representatives in britain . they are , respectively , the largest and the second largest families of british insects . only a beetle family , the staphylinidae , is near the thousand mark . ichneumonoids also include the largest parasitoids.hymenopteran parasitoids often have unique life cycles . in one family , the trigonalidae , the female wasps deposit eggs into small pockets they cut into the edge of leaves with their ovipositor . a caterpillar chewing these leaves may swallow some of the eggs . when they get into the caterpillar 's gut , they hatch and burrow through the gut wall and into the body cavity . later they search the caterpillar 's body cavity for other parasitoid larvae , and it is these they attack and feed on . some trigonalids , once in a caterpillar or sawfly larva , need their host to fall prey to a social wasp . the wasp carries the caterpillar back to its nest , and there it is butchered and fed to the wasp 's young . the young serve as host for the trigonalid , the eggs of which are in the butchered caterpillar .
the flag of germany ( german : " bundesflagge " ) was adopted in its present form in 1919 . it was readopted with the new constitution of 1949 . it has three colours and is made of three equal horizontal bands coloured black ( top ) , red , and gold ( bottom ) . the " dienstflagge " or service flag is the version of the flag for government use . it has the national coat of arms in the centre . ships of the german navy use this flag with a triangle cut out of the end as an ensign.some states use the national flag with the state coat of arms as a state flag.under the nazi government between 1933 and 1945 , germany used a different flag with a swastika on it . it is not legal to put up this flag in germany now .
spencer breslin ( born may 18 , 1992 ) is an american actor and musician . he is the older brother of actress abigail breslin.beginning at the age of three , breslin acted in over 50 commercials . he is best known for his roles in the feature films " disney 's the kid " ( co-starring at the age of eight with bruce willis ) , " the santa clause 2 : the mrs . clause " and " " ( as curtis the elf ) , " return to neverland " , " the cat in the hat " , " raising helen " , " " , " the shaggy dog " , " harold " , " " the happening " " , and " perfect sisters " . his television credits include " teamo supremo " , " stephen king 's storm of the century " , and " law & order " . movies in which he has acted have taken in a worldwide box office of over $ 1.3 billion .
the sea peoples are supposed to be a seafaring confederation that attacked ancient egypt and other parts of the east mediterranean . the time was before and during the bronze age collapse ( 1200 – 900 bc ) . during the bronze age collapse , archeological evidence shows the destructions of many cities on the coastlines of the levant and the aegean sea . that may have been caused by invaders from the sea . the exact origins and cultures of the attackers are unknown and so historians call them the sea peoples.some sources say that they used iron weapons , which the bronze age cultures had not yet seen . the cities that they attacked allows one to infer that they were probably naval - based .
woodstock is a city and the county seat of oxford county , ontario in southwestern ontario , canada . woodstock is 128 km southwest of toronto , north of highway 401 ( ontario ) along the historic thames river ( ontario ) . it is known as the dairy capital of canada and promotes itself as " the friendly city . " in 2006 , 35,480 people lived in woodstock.the community was first settled in 1800 after it was determined by sir john graves simcoe , governor of what was then known as upper canada , that the area would make a good townsite . the early settlers were american immigrants from new york state . increased immigration from great britain followed in the 1820s and 1830s . woodstock was incorporated as a town in 1851 and a city in 1901 . vansittart avenue ( named after admiral henry vansittart , an early settler ) in woodstock 's west end has one of the finest residential victorian streetscapes in the province . woodstock has a community center that hosts hockey games in addition to many social gatherings .
second - wave feminism started in the 1960s in the united states . it lasted for roughly two decades . during first - wave feminism , women wanted to get the right to vote in elections and to be treated equally to men when it cames to owning and heriting property . second - wave feminism focused more on issues of sexuality ( sex education , contraception , abortion , family planning ) and violence directed against women ( domestic violence , rape , and women 's shelters ) . in many countries , there were also changes to the laws about divorce.in the 1980s , there were disputes among different feminist groups ( known as feminist sex wars ) , over issues of sexuality and pornography . these disputes started the third - wave feminism in the early 1990s .
kimberly michelle pate ( born march 4 , 1984 ) , who uses the stage name , k. michelle , is an american singer - songwriter and musician . she was born and raised in memphis , tennessee . k. michelle is well known for appearing in the first two seasons of " love & hip hop " . she became famous through her songs " v.s.o.p . " , which managed to peak at number 89 on the billboard hot 100 . her first album , " rebellious soul " , was a commercial success , debuting at number two on the us " billboard " 200 , and number one on the us top r & b / hip - hop albums charts . there were three other successful singles from the album : " ca n't raise a man " , " i do n't like me " and " a mother 's prayer " . k. michelle later appeared in a musical film called " rebellious soul : the musical " . she was featured on rapper lil boosie 's remix of his single " show the world " . at the 2013 soul train music awards , k. michelle won the award for best new artist . on march 5 , 2016 , she released the lead single from her second major - label album , " anybody wan na buy a heart ? " , titled " love 'em all " . at the 2013 soul train music awards , k. michelle won the award for best new artist . on march 5 , 2016 , she released the lead single from her second major - label album , " anybody wan na buy a heart ? " , titled " love 'em all " . " maybe i should call " was released on november 3 , 2014 as the second single from the album . she has also released two other albums , " more issues than vogue " in 2016 and " kimberly : the people i used to know " in 2017 . in 2017 , she became engaged to dentist kastan sims , who appeared in her reality television series " k. michelle : my life " , after dating since 2016 . in 2018 , she released the single " save me " and announced that she was working on a new album .
greta tintin eleonora ernman thunberg ( born 3 january 2003 ) is a swedish activist . she is known for her work against climate change , a popular example of youth activism . she started protesting on 20 august 2018 , outside of the swedish parliament in stockholm . in december 2018 , she attended the un climate change conference . in the next month , she gave a speech on world economic forum in davos.she has received many awards . three norwegian mps nominated her for the 2019 nobel peace prize.on 15 march 2019 , approximately 1,400,000 people around the world , mainly students , protested against climate change . on 24 may 2019 , a second major protest took place.in december 2019 , " time " magazine named thunberg " time " person of the year 2019 .
satyajit ray ( ) ( 2 may 1921 – 23 april 1992 ) was a bengali indian movie director . many people consider him as one of the greatest film - makers of 20th century movie business.he was born in the city of kolkata . his bengali family was prominent in arts and letters . ray studied at presidency college and at the visva - bharati university . he started his career as a commercial artist . ray was interested in filmmaking by meeting french filmmaker jean renoir and seeing the italian movie " bicycle thieves " during a visit to london.ray directed thirty - seven movies . these include feature movies , documentaries and shorts . ray 's first movie , " pather panchali " , won eleven international prizes , including " best human document " at cannes film festival . this movie along with " aparajito " and " apur sansar " form the " apu trilogy " . ray did scripting , casting , scoring , cinematography , art direction , editing and designed his own credit titles and publicity material . he was a fiction writer , publisher , illustrator , graphic designer and movie critic . ray won an academy award in 1992 .
james augustine aloysius joyce ( ) ( 2 february 1882 – 13 january 1941 ) was an irish writer and poet of the modernist movement . he was from dublin , ireland . he wore an eyepatch , because of eye damage . he could not see well.his books are written in a special style . at first he wrote in a way which describes very accurately how life is , in the short story collection called " dubliners " . in his next book , called " a portrait of the artist as a young man " , he started a new style . it is called stream of consciousness , which is writing all the thoughts that a character has . his work influenced many other writers in the 20th century.some books that joyce wrote are :
louis william tomlinson ( born louis troy austin ; 24 december 1991 ) is an english singer and songwriter . he is known as a member of the boy band one direction , with liam payne , niall horan and harry styles.tomlinson began his career as an actor appearing in itv drama " fat friends " as an extra . he also went on to appear in another itv drama movie " if i had you " and the bbc drama " waterloo road " . in 2010 , he became a founding member of one direction after auditioning as a solo artist on " the x factor , " and also one of the main songwriters of the groupfollowing the band 's hiatus , tomlinson released the singles " just hold on " and " back to you " . the latter will be included in his debut studio album , which will probably be released in 2019 by epic records.in 2013 , he was signed as a footballer by doncaster rovers of the football league championship on a non-contract basis . the same year he also formed his own record label , triple strings ltd . he appeared on debrett 's 2017 list of the most influential people in the uk .
dr. richard alpert ( april 6 , 1931 – december 22 , 2019 ) , also known as baba ram dass , was a spiritual teacher . he was the writer of " be here now " , the bestseller book of 1971 . in the 1960s , professors timothy leary , ralph metzner and richard alpert collaborated on a book titled " the psychedelic experience " , which adapted portions of the " tibetan book of the dead " as a guide for use in lsd experiences . they hoped to give users of lsd a simulation of death and rebirth , to " liberate " them from past problems or mistakes in their lives.dass died on december 22 , 2019 in maui , hawaii at the age of 88 .
the green and golden bell frog ( " litoria aurea " ) is a frog from australia , but it also lives in new zealand as an invasive specie.male adult frogs can be 5.7 to 6.9 cm long . female adult frogs can be 6.5 to 10.8 cm long . these frogs are green with bronze spots . they have black stripes from their noses over their ears and down their bodies . their bellies are white and parts of their legs can be bright blue . these frogs have teeth.green and golden bell frogs do not climb well . they like to live near permanent bodies of water and temporary bodies of water that have no fish in them . adult frogs eat anything they can , even other green and golden bell frogs.the frogs lay 3000 - 10,000 eggs at a time . at first , the eggs float together on top of the water , but then they sink . the tadpoles eat algae , bacteria and dead things.there used to be so many green and golden bell frogs that people would catch them to feed to snakes or to use in school dissection classes . by the 1990s , there were fewer green and golden bell frogs . scientists say this is because of habitat fragmentation , which means people building things in between places where the frogs live , and because of invasive species such as the mosquito fish that eat green and golden bell frog tadpoles.in 2000 , people building tennis courts for the 2000 summer olympics saw green and golden bell frogs nearby , so they stopped building.this frog is an invasive specie in new zealand . in the 1860s , the auckland acclimatisation society released the frog in new zealand on purpose . the frogs on the south island all died because the weather was not good for them . today , it lives on new zealand 's north island .
parity of zero is the question whether the number zero is even or odd . general consensus is that the number is even . even numbers are defined to be integer multiples of two . that way , the numbers two , four and six are even , because they are one times two , two times two , and three times two . with that explanation , zero is also even , because it is zero times two.another explanation is from number theory : the integers are arranged in such a way that even numbers are followed by odd ones , and odd ones by even ones . zero is preceded by minus one , and followed by one . both numbers are odd . so it must be even.there is also a problem : the term " even " meaning " integer multiple of two " is a convention ; people agreed on it . it is not a formal definition . another case where people used a convention they agreed on was that of prime number : before the 20th century , there were many inconsistent definitions of prime : mathematicians such as goldbach , lambert , legendre , cayley , and kronecker wrote that 1 was prime . the modern definition of " prime number " is " positive integer with exactly 2 factors " , so 1 is not prime . this definition is rational : it naturally suits mathematical theorems that concern the primes . for example , the fundamental theorem of arithmetic is easier to state when 1 is not considered primeit would be possible to redefine " even " in a way that no longer includes zero . however , in this case , the new definition would make it more difficult to state theorems concerning the even numbers . already the effect can be seen in the algebraic rules governing even and odd numbers . the most relevant rules concern addition , subtraction , and multiplication : inserting appropriate values into the left sides of these rules , one can produce 0 on the right sides : the above rules would therefore be incorrect if zero were not even . at best they would have to be modified . for example , one test study guide asserts that even numbers are characterized as integer multiples of two , but zero is " neither even nor odd " . accordingly , the guide 's rules for even and odd numbers contain exceptions : making an exception for zero in the definition of evenness forces one to make such exceptions in the rules for even numbers . from another perspective , taking the rules obeyed by positive even numbers and requiring that they continue to hold for integers forces the usual definition and the evenness of zero .
the metre convention is the treaty that set up the international bureau of weights and measures ( bipm ) . the bipm is an inter-governmental organization that is responsible for harmonizing systems of measurement across the world . the treaty was first made in 1875 between 17 countries.the member countries agreed to share the costs of running a laboratory on neutral territory . the international prototype metre and the international prototype kilogram would be kept at the laboratory . member state 's national prototype metres and kilograms would be compared with the international prototypes at regular intervals . member states would have regular meetings to discuss developments in measurement technology.in 1921 the treaty was extended to cover electrical and all other physical measurements . this enabled the bipm to published the standards for the international system of units ( si ) . under si , units of measurements that are used in science and engineering were defined in a logical manner . the rules for si also standardized the way in which physical quantities are written.in 2014 the bipm had 55 member countries .
polygamy is a word that comes from late greek . it can be translated as " many marriages " . it refers to any form of marriage where a person has " more than one spouse " . there is also a concept called group marriage . in group marriage , all the ( adult ) members of the group are responsible for all the children.a man being married to more than one woman at the same time is called polygyny . a woman being married to more than one man at the same time is called polyandry.both forms have occurred in humans . polygyny is much more common , and is practised by millions of people , mostly in muslim countries , where a man can have up to four wives at the same time . in most non-muslim countries , polygamy is illegal , and a person who has more than one spouse can be prosecuted for bigamy . some countries , including india , only permit muslims to be polygamous .
dr. johannes schäfer , born 2nd october 1965 in göttingen , germany , was the bass player of the german rock band fury in the slaughterhouse from the beginning ( 1987 ) until 1996 . today ( 2008 ) he is a doctor.schäfer 's first band was 1982 the punk band " defekt " in hanover , germany , where he was singer and bass player . from 1985 until 1987 he played in the jazz rock band " cit . " , together with mousse t. and at the same time he worked as a studio musician at the " stakkato studio " in hannover.in 1987 schäfer founded the rock band fury in the slaughterhouse together with kai and christian wingenfelder , rainer schumann and christoph stein - schneider . he played the bass in this band until 1996 , when he was followed by christian decker . together with his band schäfer was awarded golden recording sales certifications for the fury albums " fury in the slaughterhouse " ( 1988 ) , " mono " ( 1992 ) , and " the hearing and the sense of balance " ( 1995 ) . fury in the slaughterhouse sold about three million recordings of albums made in their time with hannes schäfer ( 1987 - 1996 ) . after leaving fury in the slaughterouse schäfer studied medicine and today ( 2008 ) he works as a doctor in the hospital " vinzenzkrankenhaus " in hanover .
romantic music is music written in the 19th century . this was the period called the “ romantic period ” by musicians . in literature and some other arts the “ romantic period ” is often said to begin and finish earlier : around mid 18th to mid 19th century.in the classical period artists liked to see clear forms . 18th century architecture nearly always shows a lot of symmetry . the gardens of the palace at versailles are a good example of this with their very tidy patterns of straight paths , circular ponds and neatly clipped hedges.in music the classical composers such as haydn , mozart , beethoven , and schubert liked to compose music which had a clear plan like sonata form.in the romantic period artists thought that feeling and passions were more important than formal plans . this can be seen in the gardens designed by capability brown , e.g . in at blenheim palace , oxford . the gardens are made to blend into nature.in music the romantic composers may still use plans like sonata form , but feelings and passions are important . they often write what is called programme music which means : music that describes something or tells a story . beethoven ’s sixth symphony is called the “ pastoral ” which means that it is about the countryside . although beethoven is usually called a composer of the classical period he is also an early romantic . later composers such as felix mendelssohn wrote pieces like " hebrides overture " which describes the sea coming into fingal ’s cave in the inner hebrides islands in scotland . hector berlioz ( 1803 - 1869 ) wrote a lot of music which tells a story . his " symphonie fantastique " is about an artist madly in love . berlioz ’s whole way of life was wild and romantic . he fell in love with an actress he saw on stage playing the part of juliet in shakespeare ’s " romeo and juliet " and he actually married her ! other composers who wrote a lot of programme music include franz liszt ( 1811 - 1886 ) and richard strauss ( 1864 - 1949 ) . strauss always wrote in a late - romantic style even although he lived well into the 20th century.the romantic period was also the period of nationalism . " nationalism " means being proud of one 's country . in the 19th century a lot of european countries as we know them were being formed . in music a lot of composers were writing music which was typical of their country . they often did this by using folk music . antonín dvořák ( 1841 - 1904 ) and bedřich smetana ( 1824 - 1884 ) wrote music which sounds very czech . pyotr tchaikovsky ( 1840 - 1893 ) wrote music with russian folk songs in them . gustav mahler ( 1860 - 1911 ) used german folk songs in his symphonies , and ralph vaughan williams ( 1872 - 1958 ) collected english folk songs and put them in his music . one of those pieces was a fantasy on the famous tune " greensleeves " .
slashdot is a website where people can read news . most people who go to slashdot like computers . other people go , too.on the slashdot website , people can comment on the news . often this leads to interesting discussions with many points of view.slashdot has been a website for ten years . it has lots of things to talk about . some of the things are : computers , the internet , video games , and politics.many people like slashdot because you can share ideas . people who like computers and the internet can read the ideas to learn.anyone can go to slashdot and read it and do not need to give money . people from every country go . it has many ideas which are never the same .
john winston howard ( born 26 july 1939 ) is a former australian politician who was the 25th prime minister of australia from 11 march 1996 to 3 december 2007 . john howard is the second longest serving prime minister of australia after robert menzies . john howard is a member of the liberal party.john howard was a lawyer before he became a politician . he was in parliament from 1974 until 2007 . from 1977 to 1983 he was the treasurer in malcolm fraser 's government . malcolm fraser lost the 1987 election to bob hawke . on 24 november 2007 , john howard lost to kevin rudd and his parliamentary seat to maxine mckew . he became the second prime minister to lose a parliamentary seat after stanley bruce in 1929 .
newark liberty international airport , first named newark metropolitan airport and later newark international airport , is an airport located in new jersey . it is located between newark and elizabeth . it is around 15 miles ( 24 km ) southwest of midtown manhattan in new york city . it is owned by the city of newark and run by the port authority of new york and new jersey . it was the first major airport in the united states . it is the busiest airport in the new york metropolitan area by number of flights.the new york city metropolitan area 's john f. kennedy international airport , laguardia airport , and newark liberty international airports are the largest airport system in the united states . they are the second busiest system of airports in the world by number of passengers . they are the busiest in the world in terms of total flight operations . in 2012 , the airport had just under 34 million million passengers . jfk had 49.3 million , and laguardia had 25.7 million.on september 11 , 2001 , united airlines flight 93 left newark on its way to san francisco international airport . two hours later , it crashed into a field just outside of shanksville , pennsylvania , killing all crew members and passengers on the plane . the passengers had tried to take over the plane from a team of terrorists who took over it . had it not crashed in pennsylvania , it is believed that the plane would have crashed into the united states capitol or the white house . in 2002 , to honor the people who were killed on september 11 , the airport 's name was changed from " newark international airport " to " newark liberty international airport " .
ostracods are a class of the crustacea . they are often called seed shrimps because of their appearance.some 65,000 species ( 13,000 of which are living ) have been identified.ostracods are small crustaceans , typically around in size , but varying from to in the case of " gigantocypris " . their bodies are flattened from side to side and protected by a bivalve - like , chitinous or calcareous valve or " shell " . the hinge of the two valves is in the upper ( dorsal ) region of the body.marine ostracods live in the zooplankton . others live in the benthos , on or in the upper layer of the sea floor.many ostracods are also found in fresh water . terrestrial species of " mesocypris " are known from humid forest soils of south africa , australia , new zealand and tasmania . they have a wide range of diets , and the group includes carnivores , herbivores , scavengers , and filter feeders.copepods may not be monophyletic . ostracod taxa are grouped into a class based on gross morphology ( what they look like ) . their dna sequence analysis in their mitochondria has been examined . the results are not clear .
meroë ( meroitic : " medewi " or " bedewi " ) is the name of an ancient city . what remains of the city is on the east bank of the nile about 6 km north - east of the kabushiya station near shendi , sudan . it lies about 200 km north - east of khartoum.there are a few villages nearby . they are called bagrawiyah.meroë was the capital of the kingdom of kush for several centuries . the kushitic kingdom of meroë gave its name to the " island of meroë " , which was the modern region of butana , a region bounded by the nile ( from the atbarah river to khartoum ) , the atbarah , ethiopia , and the blue nile . the city of meroë was on the edge of butana and there were two other meroitic cities in butana , musawwarat es - sufra and naqa.the site of the city of meroë is marked by over two hundred pyramids in three groups . of many of these pyramids , there are only ruins left .
amanda michelle seyfried ( born december 3 , 1985 , allentown , pennsylvania ) is an american actress , singer - songwriter and former child model . at 11 , she became a child model , and at 15 she became a television actress . she starred in " as the world turns " and " all my children " . in 2004 , seyfried started her film career , acting in " mean girls " . she also appeared in a number of other movies : " nine lives " ( 2005 ) , " alpha dog " ( 2006 ) , " mamma mia ! " ( 2008 ) , " jennifer 's body " , " chloe " , " dear john " , " veronica mars " and " letters to juliet " . in 2006 , she had a lead role on hbo 's television series " big love " .
figure skating is both an art and a sport , in which people skate around on ice , doing jumps and spins . it is done at the winter olympics , and it has its own world championships . the name means to make figures or patterns on the ice . people skate with music.in figure skating , sometimes women or men skate alone , or they skate in couples . couples dancing includes " pairs " and ice dancing . pairs skating has jumps , and sometimes the man lifts the woman in the air . these things are not done in ice dancing . in ice dancing , the woman must be held in the man 's arms . another kind of figure skating is synchronized skating done in groups .
the black hawk war was a war between the indians under command of chief black hawk and american settlers on the frontier in 1832 . it took place mostly in illinois and wisconsin . several small battles were fought , including the battle of stillman 's run and the battle of bad axe . during the war , dozens of americans and hundreds of indians were killed . many more americans died of cholera and other diseases than died in battle . after the war , the sac , fox and kickapoo indians lost most of their land in illinois and wisconsin . both future union president abraham lincoln and future confederate president jefferson davis fought in the black hawk war , both on the side of the union .
wrestlemania xxiv was the twenty - fourth yearly wrestlemania professional wrestling pay - per - view event made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) . it took place on march 30 , 2008 at the citrus bowl in orlando , florida . it was the first wrestlemania to be held in the state of florida , and the second wrestlemania to be held outdoors the whole time , the other being wrestlemania ix . the official theme songs were " " light it up " " by rev theory and " " snow ( ( hey oh ) ) " " by the red hot chili peppers . the tagline was " " the biggest wrestlemania under the sun " . " tickets went on sale to the public on november 3 , 2007 . for the second year in a row , wrestlemania broke the record for the highest - grossing pay - per - view in wwe history and for the citrus bowl , grossing in $ 5.85 million in ticket sales . the record - breaking citrus bowl attendance record of 74,635 consisting of people from twenty - one countries , all fifty states , and five canadian provinces , pumped an estimated $ 30 million into the local economy . the central florida sports commission thought that the event created many jobs , and brought around 60,000 visitors to the city for the event . wwe and the city of orlando hosted festivities that spanned a five - day period within the central florida area , bringing many branding opportunities and television coverage , leading up to the event at the citrus bowl.the event was a joint - promotion pay - per - view , having performers from the raw , smackdown , and ecw brands . the main match on the raw brand was a triple threat match for the wwe championship between randy orton , triple h , and john cena , which orton won by pinning cena . the main event and featured match on the smackdown brand was edge versus the undertaker for the world heavyweight championship , which undertaker won by forcing edge to submit with the gogoplata . the main match on the ecw brand was chavo guerrero against kane for the ecw championship , which kane won by pinfall after performing a chokeslam . main matches on the undercard included floyd mayweather , jr. versus the big show in a no disqualification match , < ref name = " mayweather / show " > < / ref > an interpromotional money in the bank ladder match , and ric flair versus shawn michaels .
the leland stanford junior university , often called stanford university ( or simply stanford ) , is a private university next to palo alto in california , in the middle of silicon valley , about 37 miles ( 60 kilometers ) southeast of san francisco and about 20 miles northwest of san josé , in santa clara county . leland and jane stanford opened the university on 1 october 1891 . they named the university after their son , leland stanford junior , who died at young age.with one of the largest university campuses in the united states , the university includes the schools of engineering , law , medicine , education , business , earth sciences , and humanities and sciences . stanford also hosts volunteer programs and a teaching hospital .
chief joseph ( 1840 – september 21 , 1904 ; whose real name was hinmaton - yalaktit ) was the chief of the nez perce native americans , a tribe that lived in what is now the pacific northwest of the united states.his father was the leader of the nez - perce before him , and his mother was a member of this tribe too.when joseph was young , his father always told him not to trust white men , he actually had problems with settlers . when his father died , joseph became chief of the tribe , who resided in plateaus in northeast oregon , southeast washington and western idaho.the turning point in their relationship to white men was the gold rush in 1863 . it gave the us government the opportunity to reduce their reservation to a small area in idaho . then , with the new waves of white men settling in the west , the government wanted to drive nez - perces away from their territory.chief joseph was extremely sad : this place was the tribe 's territory where their ancestors were buried . in spite of that , he wanted to avoid conflict and remain in peace . in 1873 he decided to negotiate with the us government . he travelled all the way to washington d.c. and spoke to president ulysses s. grant . but he only got mean looks and little attention.so a war began in 1877 . the living conditions of chief joseph 's tribe were awful : they had no food and no blankets . some people were freezing to death . but the nez - perces impressed their enemy thanks to all the battles they won . many men died on both sides . that 's why joseph decided to surrender . he gave up fighting in 1877 . he was destroyed by the death of his people , and also extremely disappointed : he felt betrayed by white people . he knew he could not trust them anymore . he was tired of being considered a savage . he felt it was not fair for people who were born on the same land to be treated differently . he delivered a lot of speeches on this subject , which are still really good examples of eloquence . but he did not feel listened to , and when he died in his reservation in 1904 , the doctor said he " died from sadness " . he was buried in colville native american burial ground , in washington state .
owen dylan morris ( born 13 may 1968 in caernarfon , wales ) is a music producer who has worked with rock bands like oasis and the verve.he started working in the music industry as a sound engineer at spaceward studio in cambridge when he was 16 . he continued as an engineer until 1994 when he started producing some work for oasis at the end of the " definitely maybe " sessions . morris continued working with oasis for their next two albums " ( what 's the story ) morning glory ? " and " be here now " . morris appears on the cover of " ( what 's the story ) morning glory ? " holding the album 's master tape.he also produced the verve album " a northern soul " , ash 's " 1977 " and the debut united kingdom album , " for god 's sake " for the singer sek loso . in 2000 he recorded and produced ash 's album free all angels . he produced the paddingtons debut album " first comes first , " which was released in october 2005 on poptones records . in the early summer of 2006 he produced " hats off to the buskers " , the debut album of the view through columbia records.he developed an engineering technique called " brick walling " on " definitely maybe " . the effect made " definitely maybe " louder than other albums at the time . the nme described the resulting sound as " an ear - splitting sonic stew " .
the 2019 hyderabad gang rape was the murder of a 26 year old veterinary doctor . it had an effect across all of india.her body was found in shadnagar on 28 november 2019 , a day after her death . four suspects were arrested and , according to the cyberabad metropolitan police , confessed to having raped and killed the doctor . on 6 december , the police took the accused to the scene of the crime , and shot them dead , prompting accusations of extrajudicial execution and celebrations of the killings.the following account is based on the police report . the victim had parked her scooter near a toll plaza , and caught the attention of two lorry drivers and their assistants . they deflated her tire , pretended to help her , and pushed her into nearby bushes , where they raped and smothered her . then they loaded her corpse onto a lorry and dropped it on the roadside.the police got evidence from cctv cameras and from the victim 's mobile phone . the accused were arrested and put in cherlapally central jail for fourteen days . the telangana chief minister ordered a fast - track court to try the accused for their alleged crimes.the rape and murder caused outrage in several parts of the country . protests and public demonstration against rape were organised nationwide after the incident , with the public demanding stricter laws against rape and rapists . the minister of home affairs criticised the telangana police and stated that the government intended to amend the indian penal code and code of criminal procedure to introduce laws for quicker punishment by fast - track courts.all four accused were killed in by police on 6 december 2019 , under a bridge on bangalore hyderabad national highway , while they were in police custody . according to the police , the suspects were taken there for a reconstruction of the crime scene . two of them allegedly snatched guns and attacked the police . in the ensuing shootout , all four suspects were shot dead.thousands of people celebrated the men 's deaths . the event has no religious angle : the accused included men of both main religions .
alejo carpentier y valmont ( december 26 , 1904 – april 24 , 1980 ) was a cuban novelist , essayist , and musicologist . he greatly influenced latin american literature during its famous " boom " period . born in lausanne , switzerland , carpentier grew up in havana , cuba and paris . carpentier always said he was cuban . he traveled a lot , mostly in france , and to mexico . he sided with revolutionary movements , such as fidel castro 's communist revolution in cuba in the mid-century . carpentier was jailed and exiled for his leftist political philosophies.carpentier studied and understood music . he wrote a book " la música en cuba " in the music of cuba . he put in musical themes and literary techniques in his writing . although carpentier wrote many types of writing , such as journalism , radio drama , playwrighting , academic essays , opera and libretto , he is best known for his novels . he was among the first to use magical realism . he explored the fantastic quality of latin american history and culture.carpentier 's writing style used the baroque style which had become popular again . it was called " new world baroque " . it was a style that latin american artists took from the european model . carpentier also brought the surrealist theory to latin american literature . carpentier had parts of latin american political history , music , social injustice and art in his writings . his writing influenced younger latin american and cuban writers like lisandro otero , leonardo padura and fernando velázquez medina.carpentier died of cancer in paris in 1980 . he was buried in havana 's colon cemetery .
william iii ( 14 november 1650 – 8 march 1702 ) was king of england and king of ireland from 13 february 1689 . he became king of scotland on 11 april 1689 . as king of scotland , he was william ii . he remained king until his death on 8 march 1702 . william was born in the netherlands as prince william henry of orange . his mother was mary stuart . mary was the sister of the king of england , james ii , so king james was william 's uncle . william married king james 's daughter mary ( his own first cousin ) on 4 november 1677 . the protestant majority in england did not like king james , and he was overthrown in the " glorious revolution " of 1688 . william landed in england ( at brixham ) with a dutch army.when william landed , james 's support melted away . james was allowed to leave for france , and william became the last person to successfully invade england by force . the events are known as the glorious revolution.the english parliament offered the english crown to william and mary jointly ( and when one died the other would be be monarch ) , making them william iii and mary ii . this later came to be known as the reign of william and mary . laws were passed which protected parliament from unreasonable acts of the sovereign , guaranteed religious toleration to protestant nonconformists , but restricted the religious liberty of roman catholics and non-christian faiths.william summoned a convention of the estates of scotland in 1689 and sent them a conciliatory ( ~ friendly ) letter , unlike james , who had tried to give them orders . on 11 april , the day of the english coronation , the convention finally declared that james was no longer king of scotland . william and mary were offered the scottish crown , and they accepted on 11 may . the jacobites tried for over 50 years to have james and his heirs reinstalled.william 's enemy was the king of france , louis xiv , who protected and supported james in his efforts to return . in ireland , the majority roman catholics were reinforced by french forces led by jacobites . william personally led his army to victory at the battle of the boyne in 1690 . james fled back to france.there was next a nine years ' war between a coalition led by william , and france . the anglo - dutch alliance did well on sea and defeated a french fleet at la hogue in 1692 . on the other hand , the alliance lost namur in 1692 , and the battle of landen on land , in 1693 . mary died on 12 december 1694 of smallpox , leaving william to rule alone . he was eventually succeeded by his sister - in - law , queen anne . one more fact is of great importance . in 1701 an act of parliament was passed which settled the succession of the thrones of england and ireland on protestants only . scotland was not part of this arrangement until the parliamentary union of the two kingdoms in 1707 .
rosalind franklin ( notting hill , london , 25 july 1920 – london , 16 april 1958 ) was a british biophysicist . she was known for helping to discover the structure of dna . rosalind franklin was about 15 years old when she knew that she wanted to become a scientist . she attended st. paul 's girls ' school and then continued school at newham college in cambridge . at newham college she got a ph.d in physical chemistry . she worked on coal , studies of rna , and viruses . she was one of the first people to do x-ray crystallography on dna . she also spent several years working in paris studying crystals . [ 3 ] she discovered the size , shape , and arrangement of molecules . she dedicated her life to discovering more about molecules.in 1951 , she moved to london . she joined a group of scientific researchers at king 's college . her assignment was to take pictures of dna . she looked at the structure and function of dna in the pictures . this job was very difficult because technology was simple at that time . during this job , franklin worked with a man named raymond gosling . he was also trying to photograph the dna . franklin also had to work with maurice wilkins . the scientists had many arguments , but franklin kept working . instead of working with wilkins , franklin liked to work with gosling . she created x-ray pictures that showed that dna is shaped like a double helix.in 1951 , franklin presented her idea about the shape of dna at a conference . a biologist named james d. watson went to her conference . watson and francis crick were biologists . they were also studying the shape of dna . they were building 3d examples of the helix shape.watson and crick used franklin 's work in their work to discover the structure of dna . their final model was presented in 1953 . they did not say that franklin 's thoughts helped them complete their work . she also discovered the structure of the tobacco mosaic virus a couple of years before she died.franklin died from ovarian cancer in 1958 . nobel prizes are not awarded after a person 's death , so she was not considered for the 1962 nobel prize in physiology or medicine . it was awarded to francis crick , james d. watson and maurice wilkins .
stephen townley crane ( november 1 , 1871 - june 5 , 1900 ) was an american writer . he was born on november 1 , 1871 in newark , new jersey to jonathan townley crane , a clergyman , and mary helen peck crane . he attended syracuse university in syracuse , new york , but did not graduate . he moved to new york city in 1892 to write about the slum life of manhattan . his major works include the novella " maggie : a girl of the streets " ( 1893 ) , the war novel " the red badge of courage " ( 1895 ) , and the short story " the open boat " ( 1897 ) . after the success of " badge " , his literary reputation declined . his health was poor . in may 1899 , he entered a sanitarium in badenweiler , germany . on june 5 , 1900 , he died of tuberculosis . he is buried in the evergreen cemetery in hillside , new jersey .
hurricane gloria was an atlantic tropical cyclone in september 1985 . the storm was the first major storm to affect long island and new york state directly since hurricane donna 25 years before.the storm started as a tropical depression on september 16 ; it became tropical storm gloria on september 17 . on september 18 , it weakened back to a tropical depression . two days later , it became a tropical storm again.after being a weak tropical cyclone for several days , on september 22 , gloria became a hurricane . it quickly became stronger on september 24 ; the next day , its winds peaked at 145 mph . a 2008 reanalysis later found the winds had been even stronger.on september 27 , the hurricane struck eastern north carolina as a category 2 storm . it then moved up the east coast of the united states . later that day , the storm struck western long island , with winds of 85 mph . one hour after striking long island , it hit near westport , connecticut.gloria moved northeast through atlantic canada.damage from the storm was $ 900 million.the death toll from the storm was fourteen.the name " gloria " was later retired and replaced with " grace " .
indra resides in a mythical city located above in the sky . the city ’s name is amravati . he lives there with his wife named indrani , and several other smaller gods . there are many apsaras in amravati.indra was a very important god during the vedic period . later his importance became less . gods like brahma , vishnu , and shiva became more important in hinduism.indra in current form of mythology is similar to that of zeus in greek mythology . though his importance has come down , he is still considered to be king of gods . his status is below that of brahma , vishnu and siva . thus , he is considered to be king of lesser gods.again , his weapon is vajra which is represented by thunderbolt ! his means , at times , treacherous and he is shown as , at times , jealous and vengeful . further , he is made to suffer his own bad deeds .
jerry alan west ( born may 28 , 1938 ) is a former american basketball player . he is thought to be one of the best guards who ever played in the nba . he played from 1960 to 1974 , all with the los angeles lakers . he wore number 44 , which was retired by the lakers . he had scored the most points in a laker jersey before kobe bryant ended his record in 2010 . he is the model for the nba logo . after playing , he was a coach and general manager for the lakers . he was also the general manager of the memphis grizzlies and organized golf tournaments . he was originally from west virginia . his most famous nicknames are " the logo " , " mr . clutch " and " zeke from cabin creek " .
the dutch empire owned several territories that were in control by the dutch republic ( also known as the united provinces ) . the dutch had created colonial empires . these were similar to portugal and spain . the dutch empire used their skills in shipping and trade with other empires . however , they were trying to be independent from spain . with the british , the dutch first built up colonies . the colonies were based on state capitalist corporate colonialism . this was done by the dutch east and west india companies . the dutch explored and went on voyages . some of these were led by willem barents , henry hudson and abel tasman . these men found new places for europeans.the dutch naval power were getting bigger . the netherlands became the dominated global commerce during the second half of the 17th century . this was called the dutch golden age . the netherlands lost many colonials and its global power to the british . this happened when the metropole fell to french armies during the revolutionary wars . the rest of the dutch empire ( such as the dutch east indies ) were in control of the dutch until the decline of european imperialism following world war ii.today , the netherlands are part of a federacy called the kingdom of the netherlands . these countries , the netherlands , aruba , curaçao , and sint maarten are part of the kingdom of the netherlands .
a real number is a rational or irrational number , and is a number which can be expressed using decimal expansion . usually when people say " number " , they usually mean " real number " . the official symbol for real numbers is a bold r , or a blackboard bold formula_1 . some real numbers are called positive . a positive number is " bigger than zero " . real numbers can be thought of as an infinitely long ruler . there is a mark for zero and every other number , in order of size . unlike a physical ruler , there are numbers below zero . these are called negative real numbers . negative numbers are " smaller than zero " . they are like a mirror image of the positive numbers , except that they are given minus signs ( – ) so that they are labeled differently from the positive numbers.there are infinitely many real numbers , because there is no smallest or biggest real number . no matter how many real numbers are counted , there are always more which need to be counted . there are no empty spaces between real numbers , which means that if two different real numbers are taken , there will always be a third real number between them . this is always true no matter how close together the first two numbers are.if a positive number is added to another positive number , then that number gets bigger . if zero , which is also a real number , is added to a number , then that number does not change . if a negative number is added to another number , that number gets smaller.the real numbers are uncountable , which means that there is no way to put all the real numbers into a sequence . any sequence of real numbers will miss out a real number , even if the sequence is infinite . this makes the real numbers special , because even though there are infinitely many real numbers and infinitely many integers , there are " more " real numbers than integers . this is often expressed by saying that the integers are " countable " and that the real numbers are " uncountable " . some simpler number systems are inside the real numbers . for example , the rational numbers and integers are all in the real numbers . there are also more complicated number systems than the real numbers , such as the complex numbers . every real number is a complex number , but not every complex number is a real number .
baron georges léopold chrétien frédéric dagobert cuvier ( 23 august 1769 – 13 may 1832 ) , usually called cuvier , was a french naturalist and zoologist.cuvier was a very important figure in scientific circles in paris during the early 19th century . he helped establish the fields of comparative anatomy and paleontology by comparing living animals with fossils . he proved extinction was a fact . he was the most influential person believing in catastrophism in geology in the early 19th century . his most famous work is the " règne animal distribué d'après son organisation " 1817 ; translated into english as " the animal kingdom " . cuvier was a member of the elite académie française and the french academy of sciences . he is remembered for strongly opposing the evolutionary theories of lamarck and geoffroy . cuvier believed there was no evidence for the evolution of organic forms , but there was evidence for successive creations after catastrophic extinction events.some of cuvier 's most influential followers were louis agassiz , and richard owen . his is one of the 72 names inscribed on the eiffel tower.he was the elder brother of frédéric cuvier ( 1773 – 1838 ) , also a naturalist . cuvier died in paris , of cholera .
the military of ancient rome ( known to the romans as the militia ) means all military forces of ancient rome from the founding of the city of rome to the end of the western roman empire . originally there was only the roman army , but a small navy was added during the second samnite war , around 320 bc.the roman military was an important part of the roman state . josephus describes the roman people as " as if born ready armed " . it has a history of more than 1300 years . roman armies fought in parthia as well as in africa , and in - what was in that time the far north - the british isles.after a series of reforms , the army became highly trained , and was well equipped in the middle of the roman imperial period . the romans also had a powerful navy that ruled the mediterranean and the european atlantic coast . in the late imperial period the military 's numbers were significantly increased to cover the borders and keep internal peace . the circumstances of the empire had changed ; the western roman empire now relied heavily on units of mostly germanic tribes living within the borders , who fought in the name of rome during the migration period .
flatworms ( platyhelminthes , greek " platy " ' : flat ; " helminth " : worm ) are a phylum of invertebrates . they are relatively simple animals . they have soft bodies.with about 25,000 known species , they are the largest phylum of animals without a body cavity . flatworms can be found in marine , freshwater , and even damp terrestrial environments.a troublesome terrestrial example is the new zealand flatworm , " arthurdendyus triangulatus " . it is an invasive species which colonized large areas of ireland and scotland . it was brought there by accident in the 1960s . since then , it has destroyed most of the indigenous earthworms.most free - living flatworms found in britain are very small ranging from 5 mm to less than 1 cm . they are usually black and can easily be mistaken for debris . these are mostly found in freshwater rivers or streams and are of the turbellaria class.most flatworms ( over 50 % ) are parasitic on other animals . there are four classes : andflatworms are one of the invertebrate groups which are studied in school biology . the main reason for this is that they may infect humans , pets and farmyard animals , and this was a problem . some do enormous harm to humans and their livestock . schistosomiasis , caused by one genus of trematodes , is the second most devastating of all human diseases caused by parasites , surpassed only by malaria . effective treatments are now available for these infections . also , in first - world countries , regulations on domestic cattle prevent infected meat from reaching the human hosts .
aamir khan ( born march 14 , 1965 in mumbai ) is a bollywood actor . khan first appeared in " yaadon ki baaraat " ( 1973 ) as a child actor . his first big starring role was in " qayamat se qayamat tak " ( 1988 ) . another of his best - known adult roles was starring in " " ( 2001 ) , which was nominated for an oscar . khan was credited as producer for the movie , with his first wife ( 1986 - 2002 ) , reena datta , executive producer . khan met his future second wife ( 2005 - ) , kiran rao , on the set , where she was an assistant director.their first movie released in 2006 is " rang de basanti " after divorce with reena
nice ( pronounced " neese " ) is a city in southern france on the mediterranean coast . it is a commune in the french department of alpes - maritimes . it has over 345,000 people living in the city as of 2012 ( 1,000,000 in its metropolitan area ) . it has many beaches . it has a hot - summer mediterranean climate ( " csa " in the koeppen climate classification ) . summers are hot , dry , and sunny ; winters are mild with moderate rainfall.from the late 18th century , wealthy british visitors came to nice , with its beauty and its warm climate . queen victoria was amongst them : she made several visits . the city 's main seaside promenade , the " promenade des anglais " owes its name to these visitors . the clear air and soft light appeals to painters . marc chagall and henri matisse spent years here and are well represented in the city 's museums , the " musée marc chagall " , " musée matisse " and " musée des beaux - arts " . nice has the second largest hotel capacity in the country and is one of its most visited cities . it gets 5 million tourists every year . it also has the third busiest airport in france after the two main parisian ones.the cuisine is excellent . it benefits from the mediterranean in the form of bouillabaisse ( a shellfish dish ) . from the end of empire , immigration from algeria has led to excellent north african dishes such as cous - cous . ratatouille and ( obviously ) salade niçoise are more local dishes.there is a local dialect , le nissard , nissart , or niçard . it is a variety of the regional language , occitan . it is italian in style , reminding that the area has been under different sovereignty in the past.over 70 people were killed in an attack on 14 july 2016 .
occitan ( ; ; ) , known also as lenga d'òc by its native speakers ( ; ) , is a romance language spoken in the south of france , the occitan valleys of italy , the val d'aran of catalonia and monaco . the regions together are sometimes known unofficially as occitania.occitan took a different path latin from all the above countries official languages . it is sometimes called lenga d'òc ( " language of " oc " " , french : " langue d'oc " ) because its word for " yes " is " òc " , as opposed to " oil " ( " oui " ) or " sì " in other languages . that is one way to classify romance languages .
diatoms ( = through + " temnein " = to cut : " cut through " ) are a big group of eukaryotic algae . they are one of the most common types of phytoplankton . most diatoms are unicellular , although some form chains or simple colonies . diatom cells are encased within a unique cell wall made of silica ( sio ) . these walls , called frustules , take many forms , some quite beautiful and ornate . they usually consist of two asymmetrical sides with a split between them , which gives the group its name.diatom chloroplasts were probably derived from those of red algae . the fossil record of diatoms starts in strata of the lower jurassic , ~ 185 million years ago . molecular clock evidence suggests an earlier date for their origin . the entire genomes of two species of diatom have been analysed . the analysis reveals that hundreds of genes in both species came from bacteria.diatoms have some practical uses . diatom communities are a popular tool for monitoring environmental conditions , past and present . they are commonly used in studies of water quality . they are also of interest to nanotechnology .
the 2003 invasion of iraq ( march 20 , 2003 - may 1 , 2003 ) was the war fought by the united states , the united kingdom , australia , poland and some other countries against iraq , to end the rule of saddam hussein . the main reason that the war started was said to be because the british and american governments believed that iraq had dangerous weapons of mass destruction ( such as chemical or nuclear weapons ) that could be used against other countries . this turned out after the invasion to not be true.another reason for the start of the war was that many people thought that abu musab al - zarqawi , one of the leaders of al - qaeda , was hiding in iraq after the september 11 , 2001 attacks . though saddam hussein was not involved in the planning of the september 11 attacks , many people accused him of giving al - qaeda a safe place to hide from the united states . the war was extremely controversial . many british and american people blamed british prime minister tony blair and the american president , george w. bush.paratroopers landed in the far north of iraq and a few soldiers attacked from the sea , but most invaded from kuwait in the south . 4,734 nato soldiers were killed in iraq war including 4,600 u.s. servicemen , 179 uk servicemen and 139 other nato soldiers with a total of 4900 casualties . 31,882 u.s. servicemen and over 3,600 uk servicemen were wounded in iraq . more than 100,000 iraqi civilians who were not soldiers were also killed .
john mcenery ( 1 november 1943 – 12 april 2019 ) was an english actor and playwright . he was best known for his movie roles as mercutio in " romeo and juliet " ( 1968 ) , russian politician alexander kerensky in " nicholas and alexandra " ( 1971 ) , friedrich von schoenvorts in " the land that time forgot " ( 1975 ) and as gangster eddie pellam in " the krays " ( 1990 ) . he was nominated for a bafta award for best actor in a supporting role for his role in " romeo and juliet " . mcenery was born in birmingham , warwickshire . his older brother , peter , was also an actor . he was married to actress stephanie beacham from 1973 to 1979 . the couple had two daughters.mcenery died in his sleep on 12 april 2019 , at the age of 75 .
account might mean :
executive may mean :
gag may mean :
jackson may refer to :
accept may refer to :
pope alexander may mean :
axes can refer to :
delphi can mean :
paulo gonçalves may refer to :
thinking of you may be :
bloody mary could refer to :
san marcos might refer to :
spyro may refer to :
don can stand for different concepts :
kaffir may be meaning :
foxtrot has several meanings .
suit is a term with various meanings :
hulk may refer to : the tv series
this is a list of cities in iraq .
românia mare , translated from romanian can mean :
there are many people with a name david :
the following is a list of mesopotamian .
morcourt , aisne is a commune .
atlanta is a city in kansas , united states .
bédeille is the name of the two communes in france :
dreaming , dreamin ' or similar may refer to :
browning is a village in illinois in the united states .
humboldt is a city in iowa in the united states .
sulfur oxide can refer to either of these chemical compounds :
mackay is a city in idaho in the united states .
magnolia is a city in the us state of arkansas .
newman is a city in illinois in the united states .
maud is a city in oklahoma in the united states .
alvin is a village in illinois in the united states .
ajax is a town in the canadian province of ontario .
belkin is a company that makes computer routers .
pāvilosta is a town in latvia with town rights since 1991 .
bussey is a city in iowa in the united states .
lockesburg is a city in the us state of arkansas .
gurdon is a city in the us state of arkansas .
scarville is a city in iowa in the united states .
cooperton is a town in oklahoma in the united states .
la prairie is a town in illinois in the united states .
longwood is a city of florida in the united states .
mattoon is a city in illinois in the united states .
saybrook is a village of illinois in the united states .
crystal lake is a city in illinois in the united states .
jēkabpils is a town in latvia with town rights since 1670 .
neptune beach is a city of florida in the united states .
baloži is a town in latvia with town rights since 1991 .
this is a list of languages with official status in india :
campeonato brasileiro série a is a football league in brazil .
hollyvilla is a city of kentucky in the united states .
pavia is a province in the region of lombardy in italy .
tribbey is a town in oklahoma in the united states .
slalom skiing is a special event in the sport of alpine skiing .
lynwood is a city in los angeles county , california .
eldorado is a city in illinois in the united states .
the following is the 2012 – 13 united states network television schedule .
cleveland is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
morgan county can be any of the following counties in the united states :
celery is a type of vegetable , often used in salad .
chien - shiung wu was a chinese - american nuclear physicist .
nelson lagoon is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in alaska .
triangulum australe is a constellation in the southern sky .
piscis austrinus is a constellation in the southern sky .
toruń is a city in poland in kuyavian - pomeranian voivodeship .
arrington is a village and civil parish in cambridgeshire in the united kingdom .
rockfish is an unincorporated community in nelson county , virginia , united states .
chappes is a commune in aube in north - central france .
cushing is a city in the u.s. state of texas .
calhoun county is a county in georgia . its county seat is morgan .
deer island is a census - designated place in oregon in the united states .
student transport is the transporting of students to and from schools and school events .
dry ridge is a city in grant county , kentucky in the united states .
calhoun county is a county in the u.s. state of texas .
the word " play " has more than one meaning . it could mean :
naples is a city in campania , italy.naples might also mean :
coussegrey is a commune in aube in north - central france .
jefferson county is the name of 26 counties and one parish in the united states :
hardancourt is a village in the vosges département of northeastern france .
saint petersburg ring road ( ) is a ring road around saint petersburg , russia .
the wayback machine is a website that has webpages from the past .
u.s. lecce is a football club which plays in italy .
raymond crawford ( born 13 july 1936 in portsmouth ) is a former english association footballer .
belgians are people from the kingdom of belgium , a federal state in western europe .
maur is a municipality in the district of uster in the swiss canton of zurich .
floyd is a city in iowa in the united states . it is in floyd county .
rödermark is a city in the offenbach rural district in the state of hesse , germany .
barry is a city in illinois in the united states . it is in pike county .
goce sedloski ( born 10 april 1974 ) is a macedonian football player .
the flag of bolivia is a horizontal tricolour of red , yellow , and green .
ghost whisperer is an american television series , which ran on cbs from 2005 to 2010 .
a switchboard is usually a set of switches . the word can refer to different things :
rickenbach can be the name of any of the following places : in germany : in switzerland :
below are some of the major things that happened in the years from 970 to 979 .
gabriel pereira de castro ( 1571 - 1632 ) was a portuguese priest , lawyer and poet .
melano is a municipality of the district lugano in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
inwood is a city in iowa in the united states . it is in lyon county .
year 241 ( ccxli ) was a common year starting on friday of the julian calendar .
the indianapolis racers were a major league hockey team in the world hockey association from 1974 to 1978 .
dida ( born 7 october 1973 ) is a brazilian football player . he plays for milan .
water stratford is a village and civil parish in the aylesbury vale district in buckinghamshire , england .
powhatan is the smallest incorporated village in natchitoches parish , louisiana , united states .
arjen anthony lucassen ( born 3 april 1960 ) is a dutch singer and record producer .
sir john stainton whitehead ( 20 september 1932 – 8 november 2013 ) is a british diplomat and businessman .
montord is a commune . it is found in the allier department in the center of france .
festigny is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
lavau is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
mark camacho ( born april 12 , 1962 ) is a british actor , director , and writer .
a tetradecagon or 14 - gon is a shape with 14 sides and 14 corners .
hajjah ( " " ) is a governorate of yemen . its capital is hajjah .
barnas is a town and commune of the ardèche " département " , in the southern part of france .
abingdon is a town in washington county , virginia , 133 miles ( 214 km ) southwest of roanoke .
gazipur ( ) is a district of central bangladesh . it is part of the dhaka division .
la chapelle is a commune . it is found in the allier department in the center of france .
röthenbach im emmental is a municipality in the administrative district emmental in the canton of berne in switzerland .
the following is a list of presidents of equatorial guinea , since the establishment of the office of president in 1968 .
kirchberg is a commune . it is in the haut - rhin department of eastern france .
hartington is a city in nebraska in the united states . it is the county seat of cedar county .
cortébert is a municipality in the administrative district of jura bernois in the canton of berne in switzerland .
paiçandu is a city in the state of paraná in the south of brazil . paiçandu was founded in 1948 .
godzilla : the series is an animated science - fiction television series developed by jeff kline and richard raynis .
thoroughfare gap is an album by american singer - songwriter stephen stills . the album was released in 1978 .
josé kléberson ( born 19 june , 1979 ) is a brazilian football player . he plays for flamengo .
ross turnbull ( born 4 january 1985 ) is an english footballer . he plays for chelsea as a goalkeeper .
the guri dam is a dam in bolívar state , venezuela . it is on the caroni river .
thimister - clermont is a municipality found in the belgian province of liège.in 2007 its population was 5331 .
central lombok regency is a regency ( ) of the indonesian province of west nusa tenggara .
demetria dyan mckinney ( born august 27 , 1979 ) is an american actress and singer .
american entertainer demi lovato has recorded materials for six studio albums . prior to launching her music career ,
josip barišić ( born 7 march 1981 ) is a croatian football player . he plays for inter zaprešić .
inkwil is a municipality in the administrative district of oberaargau in the canton of berne in switzerland .
hilterfingen is a municipality in the administrative district of thun in the canton of berne in switzerland .
sisseln is a municipality of the district of laufenburg in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
waltenschwil is a municipality of the district of muri in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
wangen bei olten is a municipality in the district olten in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
the administrative district of seeland in the swiss canton of bern has 46 municipalities in an area of 335 km ² .
a carapace is the top part of an exoskeleton or shell in a number of animal groups .
magden is a municipality of the district of rheinfelden in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
mathieu flamini ( born 7 march 1984 ) is a french football player . he plays for milan .
taylor is an english surname . it means " tailor " . it may also mean taylor , the given name .
macaye is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
gildwiller is a commune . it is found in the haut - rhin department of eastern france .
granges - paccot is a municipality of the district saane in the canton of fribourg in switzerland .
auburndale is a village in wood county , wisconsin , usa . as of the 2014 the population was 679 .
the canelones department ( ) is a department in the south of uruguay . its capital is canelones .
bellocq is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
garden valley is a town in jackson county , wisconsin , usa . as of the 2010 census the population was 422 .
vero beach is a city of florida in the united states . it is the county seat of indian river county .
easton is a village on the isle of wight . it is close to totland in the west of the island .
karttula used to be a city in finland . it was merged with another city kuopio in 2011 .
partille municipality ( ) is a municipality in västra götaland county in southern sweden . the seat is in partille .
red bluff is a city of california in the united states . it is the county seat of tehama county .
atlantic county , new jersey is a county of new jersey . the county seat is mays landing , new jersey .
a beach house is a house on or near the beach . it is usually used as a second or vacation home .
victoria davey " tori " spelling ( born on may 16 , 1973 ) is an american actress , television writer and producer .
toon disney was an american cable television channel owned by disney . toon disney was replaced by disney xd .
this is the only date in the gregorian calendar where the day and the month ( 28 and 6 ) are different perfect numbers .
san francisco is a combined city / county in the u.s. state of california.san francisco may also refer to :
paulo nagamura ( born 2 march 1983 ) is a brazilian football player . he plays for tigres uanl .
the following is a list of rivers in australia , by letter : abcdefghijklmnopqrstvwy
steg - hohtenn is a municipality in the district of raron in the canton of valais in switzerland .
la punt - chamues - ch is a municipality of the district of maloja in the canton of graubünden in switzerland .
aussevielle is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
johan micoud ( born 24 july 1973 ) is a former french football player . he has played for france national team .
chopicalqui is a mountain in the andes range , in peru . it is the 28th highest mountain in the andes .
kambaata is a cushitic language . it is spoken in southern ethiopia by around 900,000 people .
barry otto ( born 1941 ) is an australian actor and voice artist , primarily of cinema . he is also an amateur artist .
audenge is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
lütschental is a municipality in the administrative district of interlaken - oberhasli in the canton of berne in switzerland .
gevelsberg is a town in the district of ennepe - ruhr rural district the state of north rhine - westphalia .
emerald is a town in st. croix county , wisconsin , usa . as of the 2010 census the population was 853 .
speedway is a town in the state of indiana , in the united states . it is the home of the indianapolis motor speedway .
the volkswagen golf mk6 is the sixth generation of the compact car volkswagen golf . it successed the mk5 in 2008 .
giuseppe giannini ( born 20 august 1964 ) is a former italian football player . he has played for italy national team .
liez is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
reichenbach am heuberg is a municipality of the district of tuttlingen in the state of baden - württemberg , germany .
näsviken is a locality in hudiksvall municipality in gävleborg county in sweden . in 2010 , 924 people lived there .
dr margaret barnett cruickshank ( 1 january 1873 – 28 november 1918 ) was the first registered woman doctor in new zealand .
rafael alkorta ( born 16 september , 1968 ) is a former spanish football player . he has played for spain national team .
jens jeremies ( born 5 march , 1974 ) is a former german football player . he has played for germany national team .
fort meade is a city of florida in the united states . in 2004 , there were 5,761 people living there .
chertsey is a small town in surrey that is near addlestone and staines . it has a very large park .
eduardo da silva ( born 25 february 1983 ) is a croatian football player . he plays for shakhtar and croatia national team .
no strings attached is the third studio album by american boy band nsync , released on march 21 , 2000 , by jive records .
toshitaka tsurumi ( born 22 december 1986 ) is a japanese football player . he plays for gainare tottori .
logelheim is a commune . it is found in the haut - rhin department in grand est in north - eastern france .
romano mattè ( trento , january 17 1939 ) is an italian former association football player , who coached the national teams of mali and indonesia .
kozo kinomoto ( born 8 january 1949 ) is a former japanese football player . he has played for furukawa electric .
brandstorp is a settlement in habo municipality , in the county of jönköping in sweden . in 2010 , 116 people lived there .
the province had borders with mimasaka , harima , and bitchū provinces.the ancient capital city of the province was near okayama .
the following is a list of notable deaths in may 2015 . for notable deaths before the current month , please see " previous months " .
the united arab emirates uses gulf standard time ( gst ) ( utc +04:00 ) and does not observe daylight saving time .
brunswick is a town in cumberland county , maine , united states . the population was 20,278 at the 2010 united states census .
dexter in the dark is a 2007 book written by jeff lindsay . it is the third book in lindsay 's " dexter " series .
the basque country ( basque : euskal herria ) is a region in southwestern europe that is within the borders of france and spain .
single transferable vote ( stv for short ) is a type of voting system . it is used to elect more than one person .
gujranwala district ( ) is a district in the punjab province of pakistan . the city of gujranwala is the capital .
plassac , gironde is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
goose creek is a city of kentucky in the united states . it is in jefferson county . the population was 272 at the 2000 census .
anticyclonic storms are weather systems that are very similar to a hurricane . they spin in the opposite direction to tropical cyclones , however .
saint - andré - en - terre - plaine is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
jo walton ( born december 1 , 1964 ) is a welsh - canadian fantasy and science fiction writer and poet . she has won many awards .
creatures of the night is a studio album by the american hard rock / heavy metal band kiss . it was released on october 13 , 1982 .
l'île - d'elle is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
born is a former municipality in saxony - anhalt , germany . since 1 january 2010 , it is part of the new municipality of westheide .
trévoux is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
caorle is a small city on the coast of the veneto region in northeast italy . there are several churches that are popular to visit .
glenview manor is a city of kentucky in the united states . it is in jefferson county . the population was 191 at the 2000 census .
morgan county is a county in missouri , united states . the county seat is versailles . in 2010 , 20,565 people lived there .
hossein kaebi ( born 23 september 1985 ) is an iranian football player . he plays for steel azin and iran national team .
mahira hafeez khan ( born 21 december 1984 ) is a pakistani actress , known for her role in the drama serial humsafar .
harlan county is a county in kentucky . as of the 2010 census , the population was 29,278 . its county seat is harlan .
the battle of palmito ranch in texas was the last battle of the american civil war . it was fought on may 12 and 13 , 1865 .
west coast main line is a main line between london and glasgow in united kingdom . train services are operated by virgin trains and crosscountry .
the university of virginia is a public research university in charlottesville , virginia , united states.the buildings designed by jefferson are a unesco world heritage site .
universal studios japan is one of four universal studios theme parks . it is in osaka , japan . the park opened on march 31 , 2001 .
mansergh is a village and civil parish in south lakeland , cumbria , england . in 2001 there were 141 people living in mansergh .
coligny is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
jericho is a town in crittenden county , arkansas , united states . the population was 119 at the 2010 census , down from 184 in 2000 .
tebay is a village and civil parish near the m6 motorway in cumbria , england . in 2001 there were 728 people living in tebay .
jiří tlustý ( born march 16 , 1988 in slaný , czechoslovakia ) is a czech nhl ice hockey left winger . he currently plays for the carolina hurricanes .
white colne is a village and civil parish in braintree district , essex , england . in 2001 there were 480 people living in white colne .
mahikeng is a south african city . it is the capital of north west province and has a population of about 250,000 people .
parliamentary procedure is a commonly accepted way in which a group of people work together to discuss and make decisions . it is a set of rules for meetings .
carhaix - plouguer ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
villeneuve - sur - fère is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
saint - ouen - de-mimbré is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
jimmy morales ( born james ernesto morales cabrera ; 18 march 1969 ) is a guatemalan politician . he has served as president of guatemala since january 2016 .
sv grödig is an austrian football club from grödig near salzburg , austria . the team plays in the austrian first league , the second highest league in austrian football .
julien fournié ( april 19 1975 in paris ) is a french fashion designer and ceo of his own eponymous haute couture company founded in the summer of 2009 .
eric prydz is a swedish dj and producer best known for his 2004 hit single " call on me " which topped the uk singles charts for 4 weeks .
the commelinaceae is a family of 40 genera and over 600 species of monocotyledonous flowering herbs , distributed from northern temperate to tropical climates .
devil 's dyke , or devil 's ditch is an earthwork in cambridgeshire , england . a few parts of bronze age broken pots have been found there .
soucé is a commune of 180 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
wilster is a town of the district steinburg , in schleswig - holstein , germany . as of 31 december 2018 , 4,308 people lived there .
berhet ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region bretagne in the côtes - d'armor department in the west of france .
diploglossus is a genus of lizards in the family anguidae . it has nineteen described species . they are found in north and south america .
talca province ( ) is one of four provinces of the central chilean region of maule ( vii ) . its capital and the largest city is talca .
in philately , a postage stamp block is a group of postage stamps attached to each other . collectors may prefer gathering a complete block rather than separate postage stamps .
miroslav kalousek ( born 16 december 1960 ) is a czech politician , former finance minister , leader of top 09 party , and member of chamber of deputies .
utansjö is a locality in härnösand municipality in västernorrland county in sweden . in 2010 , 209 people lived there . it is located close to the high coast bridge .
egyptology is the study of ancient egypt . it falls under both history and archaeology . someone who studies or works in this field is called an egyptologist .
antique ( ; ; ) is a province of the philippines . it is in the western visayas region . the capital is san jose de buenavista .
farschweiler is a municipality in the trier - saarburg district , in rhineland - palatinate , germany . as of 31 december 2018 , 802 people lived there .
the arrondissement of saintes is an arrondissement of france , in the charente - maritime department , nouvelle - aquitaine region . its capital is the city of saintes .
flor de caña ( which means ' sugarcane flower ' in spanish ) is a type of premium rum that is made by the company , compañía licorera de nicaragua .
artigues is a commune of 73 people ( 2017 ) . it is in the region occitanie in the aude department in the south of france .
aulnois - sous - laon is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
denis compton ( 23 may 1918 in hendon , middlesex – 23 april 1997 in windsor , berkshire ) was an english cricketer and football player . he played for arsenal .
brigadier - general reginald edward harry dyer cb ( october 9 1864 – july 23 1927 ) was a british indian army officer responsible for the jallianwala bagh massacre .
elitserien ( ) is the swedish men 's volleyball top top division . it is followed up by the swedish national championship playoff by late february - early march .
jesse james is a lucky luke comic written by goscinny and illustrated by morris . the first of these french comics was printed in 1969 by dargaudin 1881 .
jette is a municipality in the belgian brussels - capital region.in 2007 , 43564 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 52 north , 04 ° 20 east .
eleanor rosalynn carter ( née smith ; august 18 , 1927 ) is the wife of former president jimmy carter and served as first lady of the united states from 1977 to 1981 .
blanco county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 10,497 people lived there . the county seat is johnson city .
herstappe is a municipality in the belgian province of limburg.in 2007 , 85 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 43 north , 05 ° 25 east .
" what i 've done " is a song by the american rock band linkin park , and the first single from their third studio album , " minutes to midnight " .
elnes is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
532 herculina " ( herr ' - kew - lye ' - nə , " ) is a very big asteroid , with a diameter of around 225 km .
bell is a municipality of the district of mayen - koblenz in rhineland - palatinate , germany . as of 31 december 2018 , 1,309 people lived there .
anthony is a city in harper county , kansas , united states . it is also the county seat of harper county . in 2010 , 2,269 people lived there .
saint - gervais - en - belin is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .
reading is a town in schuyler county , new york , united states.the town of reading is in the northern part of the county and is east of bath , ny .
warren county is a county in the u.s. state of illinois . in the 2010 census , 17,707 people lived there . the county seat is monmouth .
moin nawaz warraich ( ; born 22 february 1949 ) is a retired army officer and politician and the member of the provincial assembly of the punjab since may 2013 .
eschweiler is a former commune in luxembourg . it was part of the canton of wiltz.on 1 january 2015 , it was merged into the commune of wiltz .
the number of new housing units on which construction has started . it is measured in a given period of time and a given location . it is considered an important economic indicator .
pepingen is a municipality in the belgian province of flemish brabant.in 2007 , 4357 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 45 north , 04 ° 09 east .
the baltic languages are part of the balto - slavic branch of the indo - european language family . baltic languages are mostly spoken in the baltics , around the baltic sea .
ardres is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
the crossosomatales are an order , newly recognized by the agp ii , of flowering plants , included within the rosids , which are part of the eudicots .
hartberg - fürstenfeld is a district in styria , austria . it came into effect on january 1 , 2013 . this was by merging the districts of hartberg and fürstenfeld .
chesterfield is a town in chesterfield county , south carolina , united states . the population was 1,472 at the 2010 census . it is the county seat of chesterfield county .
créteil is a city in the southeast suburb of paris , france . it is the prefecture of the val - de-marne department in the île - de-france region .
the john frost bridge at arnhem was bombed after operation market garden . it was later rebuilt . some parts of the bridge are still the same as they were in 1944 .
lisbon is a village in claiborne parish , louisiana , united states . the population was 185 at the 2010 census . lisbon is located east of the parish seat of homer .
hopkins county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 35,161 people lived there . the county seat is sulphur springs .
kay county is a county in the u.s. state of oklahoma . as of 2000 , 48,080 people lived there . its county seat is newkirk .
the battle of pea ridge was a battle which happened during the american civil war . it was fought on march 7th and 8th , 1862 in arkansas . the confederates lost the battle .
respect m.e . ( short for respect missy elliott ) is the first greatest hits album by american rapper missy elliott . it includes all her hits from all of her albums .
in baseball , a triple is when a batter reaches third base on a hit without an error occurring in the field . chief wilson hit the most triples , recording 36 in 1912 .
gorbio is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the alpes - maritimes department in the south of france .
edward joseph " ted " egan ao ( born 6 july 1932 ) is an australian folk musician and a former public servant . he served as administrator of the northern territory from 2003 to 2007 .
radawczyk drugi is a village in the administrative district of gmina konopnica in eastern poland.about 200 people live in radawczyk drugi .
clark county is a county in the u.s. state of indiana . as of the 2010 census , 110,232 people lived there . the county seat is jeffersonville .
the czech extraliga ( ) is the highest - level ice hockey league in the czech republic . as of 2009 , it is ranked by the iihf as the third strongest league in europe .
nelson county is a county in the u.s. state of kentucky . as of the 2010 census , the population was 43,437 . its county seat is bardstown .
highlands is a town in orange county , new york , united states . it is officially known as the town of highlands . the population was 12,492 at the 2010 census .
lichtervelde is a municipality in the belgian province of west flanders.in 2007 , 8438 people lived there.it is at 51 ° 01 north , 03 ° 08 east .
mccurtain county is a county in the u.s. state of oklahoma . as of 2000 , 34,402 people lived there . its county seat is idabel .
rancho palos verdes ( also known by the abbreviation rpv ) is a city in los angeles county , california . the population was 41,643 at the 2010 census .
taylor county is a county in the u.s. state of kentucky . as of the 2010 census , the population was 24,512 . its county seat is campbellsville .
seminole county is a county in the u.s. state of oklahoma . 24,894 people lived there at the 2000 census . its county seat is wewoka .
el cerro mutún is a place where iron is mined in brazil . it contains about 40 billion tons of iron ore . this is about 5 % of the world ’s iron ore .
the venice film festival is a festival held in venice , italy . it is held every year . it is the world 's oldest film festival . it dates back to 1932 .
pectinina is a suborder in the bivalve order ostreoida . it contains the superfamilies pectinoidea and anomioidea .
robert costanza ( born 14 september , 1950 ) is an american ecological economist and the gund professor of ecological economics and director of the gund institute for ecological economics at the university of vermont .
pratval used to be a swiss municipality . it is now part of the new municipality of domleschg and the district hinterrhein in the canton of graubünden in switzerland .
karnes county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 14,824 people lived there . the county seat is karnes city .
saxtead is a village and civil parish in suffolk coastal , suffolk , england . in 2001 there were 342 people living in saxtead . saxtead has a church called all saints .
volkswagen jetta is a car produced by volkswagen since 1979 . it is currently in its sixth generation . the third generation jetta was called the vento , the fourth one bora .
sternfield is a village and civil parish in suffolk coastal , suffolk , england . in 2001 there were 127 people living in sternfield . sternfield has a church called st mary magdalene .
mark allen mothersbaugh ( born may 18 , 1950 ) is an american singer - songwriter , composer , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , music programmer , author and visual artist .
john joseph curtin ( 8 january 1885 – 5 july 1945 ) was prime minister of australia from 1941 - 1945 . he went to st abrose 's school . his background is irish
lugny , aisne is a commune . it is in the picardie region in the aisne department in the north of france . in 2012 , 116 people lived there .
saint - martin - de-blagny is a commune . it is in the region of basse - normandie in the calvados department . this is in the northwest of france .
izel - lès - équerchin is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
dadı is a television series . it is the turkish version of " the nanny " . gülben ergen as melek , kenan işık as ömer played main starring in the television series .
hoke county is a county in the u.s. state of north carolina . as of the 2010 census , the population was 46,952 . its county seat is raeford .
bombardier transportation is the rail equipment division of the bombardier inc. . bombardier transportation is the world ’s largest company in the rail equipment manufacturing and servicing industry . its headquarters are in berlin , germany .
walala tjapaltjarri ( born walala tjapangati ) is an australian aboriginal artist . he is one of the most well - known artists of the western desert style .
sogk charlo is a sports club in svarte in sweden . it was established in 1938 . the women 's soccer team played four seasons in the swedish top division between 1978 - 1982 .
la grange park is a village in cook county , illinois , united states . as of the 2010 census , the village , which is a suburb of chicago , had a population of 13,579 .
alzonne is a commune of 1,221 people ( 1999 ) . it is in the region languedoc - roussillon in the aude department in the south of france .
the arrondissement of blois is an arrondissement of france , in the loir - et - cher department of the centre - val de loire region . its capital is the city of blois .
project aware foundation ( or project a.w.a.r.e . ) is a nonprofit , worldwide , organization dedicated to " conserving underwater environments through education , advocacy and action . "
the 1956 – 57 eredivisie was the 1st eredivisie ever played . afc ajax won the tournament . the teams were chosen from the last seasons netherlands football league championship .
baraga county is a county in the u.s. state of michigan . as of the 2010 census , 8,860 people live here . the county seat is l'anse .
nijmegen is a city in gelderland in the east of the netherlands . it has about 160,000 inhabitants and a university , called radboud university nijmegen .
angelica ross ( born 1980/1981 ) is an american activist for transgender rights . she started transtech social enterprises to help transgender people . she was born in kenosha , wisconsin .
mechi ( ) , is one of the fourteen zones of nepal and one of the four zones of eastern development region . it is the easternmost zone of nepal , with its headquarters at ilam .
protection means when any group of people or things try to defend the people or things that they care about ( so that they would not get hurt ) . protection can also mean other things , for example :
bad wiessee is a spa town on lake tegernsee in bavaria , germany.bad wiessee is known for the murder of ernst röhm on the " night of the long knives " .
neuville - au - cornet is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
goodwater is a city in coosa county , alabama , united states . at the 2000 census the population was 1,633 . it is part of the alexander city micropolitan statistical area .
rod piazza ( born december 18 , 1947 , riverside , california ) is a blues harmonica player and singer from the united states . his sound combines the styles of jump blues , west coast blues and chicago blues .
a hearse is a car used to transport a coffin . it is usually used to go to a cemetery . hearses are usually black or gray . they are driven by a mortician .
yamhill is a city in yamhill county , oregon , united states . the population was 1,024 at the 2010 census . it was originally named north yamhill in 1891 .
perry is a city in houston and peach counties in the u.s. state of georgia . it is the county seat of houston county . the population was 13,839 at the 2010 census .
the nineteenth united states census done by the census bureau . the population of the united states was 203,392,031 . this was an increase of 13.4 percent from the 1960 census .
erotomania is a delusional disorder in which the subject has a delusion that a particular person is deeply in love with them ; lack of response is rationalized , and pursuit and harassment may occur .
two flags west is a 1950 american western movie directed by robert wise and starring cornel wilde , joseph cotten , linda darnell , jeff chandler , dale robertson . it was distributed by 20th century fox .
jackson county jail is a 1976 american crime thriller movie directed by michael miller and starring tommy lee jones , yvette mimieux , robert carradine , britt leach . it was distributed by united artists .
roquefort - de-sault is a commune of 113 people ( 1999 ) . it is in the region languedoc - roussillon in the aude department in the south of france .
lisa latrelle blunt rochester ( née blunt ; february 10 , 1962 ) is an american politician . she is the u.s. representative for since 2017 . she is a member of the democratic party .
chamely khatun ( born 11 november 1988 , is a bangladeshi ) cricketer who plays for the bangladesh national women 's cricket team . she is a right handed batsman and right - arm slow bowler .
denton burn is an area of housing in the city of newcastle , united kingdom . the area has 3 schools and has many shops and take - aways . it is close to benwell and scotswood .
grenay , pas - de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
bihari muslims are people originating and tracing descent from the indian state of bihar , who practice islam as their religion . bihari muslims mainly practice sunni islam of the hanafi creed , though a small shia minority exists .
tecate is a municipality in the mexican state of baja california . its municipal seat is located in the city of tecate . according to the 2010 census , it had a population of 101,079 .
santi white ( born 25 september 1976 ) , better known by her stage name santigold ( formerly santogold ) is an american producer and singer . her debut album " santogold " was released in 2008 .
the 2009 – 10 montreal canadiens season is their 100th season of play and 92nd in the national hockey league ( nhl ) . the 2009 nhl entry draft took place in montreal , quebec , on june 26 – 27 .
botterens ( ) is a municipality of the district gruyère in the canton of fribourg in switzerland . on 1 january 2006 the former municipality of villarbeney merged into the municipality of botterens .
the british rail class 306 was a type of electric multiple unit ( emu ) introduced in 1949 . it consisted of 92 three - car trains which were used on newly electrified suburban lines between shenfield and london liverpool street .
the industrial and mining water research unit ( abbreviated imwaru ) is a research group . they are part of the school of chemical and metallurgical engineering at the university of the witwatersrand , johannesburg .
the team captain of a football team is a team member who is chosen to be the leader during a football match . mostly a captain is an older or more experienced player . a team captain often wears an armband .
ismailia governorate is a governorate in egypt . the capital city is also named ismailia . it was named after ismail pasha , who as ottoman viceroy of egypt , oversaw the country during the building of the suez canal .
the aéro - club de france ( aécf ) is the oldest aeronautical institution in the world . it was created on 20 october 1898 . it is in paris.the main activity of aécf is to promote aviation and certification .
shirley temple , or shirley temple black ( april 23 , 1928 – february 10 , 2014 ) was an american actress , diplomat and television series hostess . temple has the distinction of being the first academy juvenile award recipient in 1934 .
carlsberg is a brewery in denmark . its headquarters are in valby . the first beer was manufactured on november 10 , 1847 . in 1968 , carlsberg opened its first brewery in malawi , blantyre .
rajesultanpur is a city and nagar panchayat in the indian state of uttar pradesh . it has many government offices . it has a police station . it is connected by nh 233b and nh 233a .
suzy delair ( born suzanne pierette declair ; 31 december 1917 – 15 march 2020 ) was a french actress and singer . she was known for her 1950 version of the song " c'est si bon " .
thomas keith glennan ( september 8 , 1905 – april 11 , 1995 ) was an american politician . he was the first administrator of the national aeronautics and space administration , serving from august 19 , 1958 to january 20 , 1961 .
esquibien ( ) is a former commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2016 , it became a part of the commune of audierne .
" not alone " is a song by armenian singer aram mp3 . this song will represent armenia in the eurovision song contest 2014 in denmark . bet makers such as bwin and sky bet predict that this song will come first .
riedwihr ( ) is a former commune in the haut - rhin department in grand est in north - eastern france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune porte - du - ried .
turquoise is the colour of the gem turquoise . it is a slightly greenish shade of cyan . turquoise is sometimes described as a mixture of pale blue and green . the name comes from the french word for " turkish " .
wofford heights is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in the southern sierra nevada , in kern county , california , united states . as of the 2010 census , wofford heights had a population of 2,200 .
kolya ( ) is a 1996 czech drama movie directed by jan svěrák and starring zdeněk svěrák , andrey khalimon , libuše šafránková , stella zázvorková . it was distributed by miramax and won an academy award in 1997 .
" not to be confused with the tiger keelback snake " " notechis scutatus , " also commonly known as the tiger snake , is a venomous species of snake inhabiting australia and its coastal islands , tasmania included .
paktia ( - paktyā ) is a province under afghanistan . its capital ( city ) is gardez . there are about 1.3 million people who live in the province . most of the people are pashtun .
sebastopol is a town in sonoma county , california . at the 2010 census , 3,379 people lived there . the first people lived here in the 1850s , and it became a true city in 1902 .
the cathedral of astorga ( ) is a roman catholic church in astorga , spain . it was declared a national monument in 1931 . bishop of this cathedral is camilo lorenzo iglesias ( bishop of astorga ) .
edward adlebert doisy ( november 13 , 1892 - october 23 , 1986 ) was an american biochemist . he won the 1943 nobel prize in physiology or medicine , along with henrik dam , for the discovery of vitamin k .
saurexallopus ( pronunciation : saw - ex-allo-pu ) is an ichnogenus , which is a trace fossil of a footprint . what made the footprint is unknown although possibly it was by a bird .
nièvre is a department in the centre of france , in the bourgogne - franche - comté region . it is named after the nièvre river , a tributary of the loire . its prefecture and largest city is nevers .
ouaddaï is a region in chad . the capital city is abéché.the region was the heartland of the former ouaddai empire , which existed from the early 16th century until 1911 . it was conquered by france in the ouaddai war .
laurence william neal ( born 18 july 1947 ) is an australian politician . he is a member of the national party . he served as a senator for victoria from 1980 to 1981 . neal was born in wangaratta , victoria .
labradorite is one kind of feldspar . it is a silicate mineral , and is special because it is often pretty enough to be used in jewelry . some kinds of labradorite are called moonstone or sunstone .
the kama ( , ; ' ; udmurt : кам ) is a river in russia . it is long and is a large tributary of the volga river . it is one of the biggest tributaries of the river .
natrona county is a county in the u.s. state of wyoming . it was created on december 16 , 1868 . as of 2010 , 75,450 people lived there . natrona county 's seat is casper .
merrick is a hamlet and census - designated place ( cdp ) in the town of hempstead in nassau county , new york , united states . as of the 2010 census , the cdp had a population of 22,097 .
india at the olympics is a history which includes 32 games in 19 countries and 800 + athletes . since 1900 , india has contributed to the growth of the " olympic movement " . the international olympic committee 's official abbreviation for india is ind .
red lobster is a casual dining type of restaurant . the first one opened in march 1968 in lakeland , florida . the chain serves seafood , chicken , steak and pasta . there are more than 700 red lobster locations world - wide .
dixon of dock green was a popular bbc television series . it ran from 1955 to 1976 . later it was a radio series . even though it is a drama series , it was first produced by the bbc 's light entertainment department .
ben hansbrough ( b. december 23 , 1987 ) is a rookie nba basketball player signed as a free agent with the indiana pacers . he went to the university of notre dame . he was born in poplar bluff , missouri .
a flat lens is a new technology . they are based on electromagnetic metasurfaces . they are ultrathin surfaces which can be coated to act like a lens . the idea has been widely reported as a major advance in imaging .
lisa marie presley ( born february 1 , 1968 ) is an american singer - songwriter . she is the only child of singer / actor elvis presley.she owns graceland , the mansion her father lived in . she has released three albums .
la ciotat is a commune of 32,126 people ( 2006 ) . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the bouches - du - rhône department in the south of france .
british railways 10800 was a diesel locomotive built by the north british locomotive company for british railways in 1950 . it had been ordered by the london , midland and scottish railway in 1946 but did not appear until after the 1948 nationalisation of the railways .
steven john pressley ( born october 11 , 1973 in elgin , moray ) is a scottish former international footballer . he last played for falkirk in the scottish premier league . he was joint scotland assistant manager with terry butcher until september 2009 .
rachel emily nichols ( born january 8 , 1980 ) is an american actress and model . she played alexa in " sex and the city " . she also played ashley seaver in " criminal minds " . she was born in augusta , maine .
gignac - la - nerthe is a commune . it is in provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the bouches - du - rhône department in south france . 9,140 people lived there in 2004 .
castets - en - dorthe is a former commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune castets et castillon .
svitavy ( german : " zwittau " ) is a town in the czech republic . about 17,000 people live there . a small river , also called svitava , flows through the city from a nearby spring .
glenn franklin howerton iii ( born april 13 , 1976 ) is an american actor , producer , screenwriter , and director . he is known for his role as dennis reynolds on fx / fxx 's " it 's always sunny in philadelphia " .
westmeath is a county in the middle of ireland . westmeath and meath once formed a fifth province in ireland known as mide . westmeath is known as the lakeland county . its main town is mullingar .
riihimäki is a town in finland . it locates 70 km from helsinki to north . as of 31 august 2013 , almost 30,000 people lived there . nearby municipalities include janakkala , hausjärvi , hyvinkää , and loppi .
ballistics is a science about the motion of projectiles ( flying objects ) , mainly about bullets which are fired from guns . this science shows us the path and behavior of projectiles . gun ballistics may be divided into the following four categories .
prime cut is a 1972 american crime thriller movie directed by michael ritchie and starring lee marvin , gene hackman , sissy spacek , angel tompkins , howard platt , eddie egan , les lannom . it was distributed by national general pictures .
siddaramaiah ( born 12 august 1948 ) is an indian politician . he was born in present - day karnataka , india . he is a member of the indian national congress . he was the chief minister of karnataka between 2013 to 2018 .
sept - frères is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune of noues de sienne .
broadway danny rose is a 1984 american comedy movie directed by woody allen ( who also stars ) and starring mia farrow , nick apollo forte , danny aiello , gloria parker . it was distributed by orion pictures and was nominated for 2 academy awards in 1985 .
desmond kevin howard ( born may 15 , 1970 ) is an american former professional football player in the national football league ( nfl ) . howard was known mostly as a return specialist but also played wide receiver . he is currently a college football analyst for espn .
heart rate ( hr ) is how many times a heart beats per minute ( bpm ) . the average bpm for a man or women who does not exercise is 70 bpm . heart rate varies between people because of fitness , age and genetics .
s / pdif ( sony / philips digital interface format ) is a type of connection used to play audio from a computer or home theater to a speaker . s / pdif was primarily designed by sony and philips , which is where it gets its name .
chain letter is the debut studio album by american singer - songwriter brooke valentine . it was released on march 15 , 2005 through the american imprint of virgin records . the album has the hit song " girlfight " which includes big boi and lil jon .
the anus is the opening in the human body that is between the buttocks . it is at the end of the gastrointestinal system ( including the organs that digest food ) , where feces or " stool " comes out of the body .
the ongoing pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 ( ) , a novel infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ( ) , spread to the philippines on january 30 , 2020 . the first case of the disease was confirmed in metro manila .
john brown ( may 9 , 1800 – december 2 , 1859 ) was an american abolitionist . brown supported using violence to end slavery in the united states . he first got national attention when he led small groups of people during the bleeding kansas crisis of 1856 .
paul konrad muller ( born 11 march 1923 in neuchâtel ) is a swiss character actor . he was known for his roles in " journey to italy " ( 1954 ) , " nightmare castle " ( 1965 ) and " vampyros lesbos " ( 1971 ) .
septèmes - les - vallons is a commune of 10,202 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the bouches - du - rhône department in the south of france .
the m66 is a motorway in north west england . it links manchester and the m60 and m62 motorways to bury . the motorway carries on as the a56 , which joins onto the m65 . the m66 is about long .
ios 14 is the fourteenth major release of the ios mobile operating system developed by apple inc. , being the successor to ios 13 . it was announced at the company 's worldwide developers conference on june 22 , 2020 . it is scheduled for release this fall .
babozai is a town and union council of mardan district in the khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan . it is at 34 ° 50 ' 0n 72 ° 8 ' 0e and has a height of 1754 metres ( 5757 feet ) .
the family hydrogenothemaceae are bacteria that live in environments not good for humans . they have been found in hot springs , sulfur pools , thermal ocean vents . they are the only bacteria that live there ( things like the archaea are not bacteria ) .
the british rail class 142 is a class of " pacer " diesel multiple units used in the united kingdom . 96 units were built by brel in derby between 1985 and 1987 . they were a development of the earlier class 141 which were introduced in 1984 .
dobrica ćosić ( 29 december 1921 – 18 may 2014 ) was a serbian writer , theorist and politician . he was the first president of the federal republic of yugoslavia from 1992 to 1993 . he is often known as the " father of the nation " .
the years of " genroku " are generally considered to be the golden age of the edo period . a century of peace and seclusion created good economic conditions and cultural growth.the " nengō " " genroku " means " origin of good fortune "
the opel adam is a car produced by the german carmaker opel 2012 - 2019 . it was named after its founder adam opel and is sold in the uk as a vauxhall . it 's known for having many personalisation options .
lake morat or lake murten ( ; ) is a lake in the cantons of fribourg and vaud in the west of switzerland . it is named after the small bilingual town of murten / morat on its southern shore .
philadelphia liberty medal ( 1993 ) gandhi - king award ( 1999 ) isitwalandwe medal ( 1992 ) arthur ashe courage award ( 2009 ) ambassador of conscience award ( 2006 ) felix houphouët - boigny peace prize ( 1991 ) princess of asturias award for international cooperation
a wavelength is the length of the shortest repeating part of a " sine wave " . all waves can be formed by adding up sine waves . that is , every wave is a total of sine waves , which may be identified by fourier analysis .
grand central terminal ( gct ) — often called grand central station or simply grand central — is a train station in new york city . located at 42nd street and park avenue in midtown manhattan , it is the largest train station in the world by number of platforms .
david ( meaning favorite ) was an important king of israel . he is described in the qu ' ran , bahá ' í scripture and the old testament books of 1 samuel and 2 samuel . he was the father of king solomon , and an ancestor of jesus .
trope is a term for a figure of speech . the term has evolved to identify an overused theme or device . a trope may mean a convention , a plot trick , a setup , a narrative structure and a character type all at the same time .
gunnar wiklund , born 17 august 1935 in luleå , sweden , dead 29 september 1989 in lysekil , sweden , was a swedish singer . he scored several svensktoppen hits . he participated at melodifestivalen four times .
dr milada horáková ( 25 december 1901 , prague - 27 june 1950 , prague ) was a czech politician and a victim of a judicial murder . she was executed by communists on charges of treason . moreover she was the only woman who was executed within these proceedings .
ingrid of sweden ( ingrid victoria sofia louise margareta ; 28 march 1910 – 7 november 2000 ) was queen of denmark from 1947 until 1972 as the wife of king frederick ix.she was also a paternal aunt of the present swedish monarch , king carl xvi gustaf .
benjamin franklin tilley ( march 29 , 1848 in bristol , rhode island – march 18 , 1907 in philadelphia , pennsylvania ) was an admiral in the us navy who served in the american civil war and the spanish - american war . he was also governor of american samoa .
hurricane isaac was an atlantic tropical cyclone that killed almost two dozen people in hispaniola in august 2012 and moved over cuba and haiti . isaac then became a category one hurricane on august 28 and hit near the southeast tip of louisiana at 6:44 pm that day .
rockefeller republican is a phrase that describes a kind of politician in the united states . rockefeller republicans are moderate or liberal republicans . they are often from the northeastern part of the country . the term comes from former vice president and governor of new york , nelson rockefeller .
conteville , calvados is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune of valambray .
sigourney ( pronounced " sigg - ur - nee " ) is a city in keokuk county , iowa , united states . at the 2012 census , 2,059 people lived there . it is the county seat of keokuk county .
this list of current cities , towns , unincorporated communities , counties , and other recognized places in the u.s. state of new york also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies , and its lower and upper zip code bounds , if applicable .
tondiarpet taluk is a taluk of the city district of chennai in the indian state of tamil nadu . it was formed in december 2013 from parts of the erstwhile fort - tondiarpet taluk . it comprises the neighbourhood of tondiarpet .
cesare previti ( born 21 october 1934 ) is an italian politician and convicted criminal . he was a close ally to silvio berlusconi.in november 2003 , previti was sentenced to five years in jail due to his bribing of judges .
holly marie combs ( born december 3 , 1973 in san diego , california ) is an american actress . she is best known for working on the television series " charmed " . before " charmed " , she work in the tv series " picket fences " .
the national hockey league ( nhl ) season is divided into the regular season and the stanley cup playoffs . in the regular season , teams play 82 games which determine their standings . the eight top teams in each conference enter the playoff elimination tournament to determine the stanley cup champion .
harish chandra singh rawat ( born 27 april 1948 ) is an indian politician who was chief minister of uttarakhand from 2014 - 2017 . in july 2014 , he won a by - election from dharchula assembly seat by over 19,000 votes .
the elks temple in boise , idaho was built in 1914 in " italian palazzo style " . it has served as a clubhouse of the benevolent and protective order of elks ( elks ) organization . it was listed on the national register of historic places in 1978 .
m ' sila ( also spelled msila , m ' sila or msila ) is a province of northern algeria . it has 1 million people . the capital is also called m ' sila . m ' sila is mostly known for its farming .
in the united states , a terry stop is a when police stop a person and quickly check the person 's clothes for guns or knives . to do this action , the police officer has to have a good reason to think that the person may be involved in a crime .
a goal kick is awarded when the attacking team puts the ball over the end line in football ( soccer ) . then the other team takes the kick from the penalty box and the game continues . members of the opposing team have to stay outside the penalty box during the kick .
ristijärvi is a municipality in kainuu , finland . it had 1,434 people living there in january 2014 . the municipalities next to it are puolanka , hyrynsalmi , kuhmo , sotkamo , and paltamo .
james ( jim ) rempe was born november 4 , 1947 , in scranton , pennsylvania . he is an american professional pocket billiards ( pool ) player . he bacame a member of the billiard congress of america 's hall of fame in 2002 .
the history of baseball in the united states can be traced to the 19th century . this is when amateurs played a baseball - like game by their own informal rules using equipment they made themselves . the popularity of the sport inspired the semi-pro national baseball clubs in the 1860s .
gabriela alejandra rivadeneira burbano ( born 25 july 1983 ) is an ecuadorian politician . she was president of the national assembly of ecuador between may 2013 and may 2017 . she was governor of imbabura province from 2011 to 2012 .
colin mcrae ( 5 august 1968 – 15 september 2007 ) was a scottish rally car driver . he was one of the best rally drivers in the world . he died with his son and two other friends when he crashed his helicopter near his home in lanark , scotland .
raymond steele hall ( born 30 november 1928 ) is an australian politician . he was the 36th premier of south australia from 1968 to 1970 . he also was a senator for south australia from 1974 to 1977 , and federal member for the division of boothby from 1981 to 1996 .
ellery cory stowell ( december 12 , 1875 - january 1 , 1958 ) was a professor of international law at columbia university and then american university in washington , d.c . he represented the united states at the hague convention of 1907 and the london naval conference of 1909 .
" the girl and the robot " is a song by royksopp from their album " junior " ( 2009 ) . the song features swedish singer , robyn . the song tells the story of a girl in love with a man who works too much and never sees her .
the legacy of heorot is a science fiction novel written in 1987 by larry niven , jerry pournelle and steven barnes.this is the first book in the " heorot " series . it is about a human space colony at the star tau ceti .
washington county is a county in the u.s. state of alabama . as of the 2010 census , the population was 17,581 . the county seat is chatom . the county was named in honor of george washington , the first president of the united states .
this is a list of rivers , which are at least partially in germany . rivers that flow into the sea are sorted geographically , along the coast.the rivers of germany flow into the baltic sea , the black sea and the north sea . the most important rivers of germany are :
irrigation is when people add water to plants , to help them grow when there is not enough rain . irrigation water can be pumped from rivers , natural lakes or lakes created by dams , from wells or allowed to flow to the fields by the force of gravity along pipes or open canals .
franz grillparzer ( born vienna , 15 january 1791 - died vienna , 21 january 1872 ) was an austrian dramatist and poet . his dramas include three plays ( a “ trilogy ” ) called " das goldene vliess " ( " the golden fleece " ) .
mortality rate is a measurement . it measures the number of deaths in a population.it is often reported as a number of deaths per 1000 individuals per year . a mortality rate of 9 in a population of 1,000 would mean 9 deaths per year in that entire population .
kilmarnock football club is a professional football club based at rugby park in kilmarnock , scotland . they were founded in 1869 , and are the oldest professional club in scotland . they currently play in the scottish premier league and are managed by angelo alessio .
the 1991 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1991 , and lasted until november 30 , 1991 . however storms can form outside these dates . this season experinced low activity with only 4 depressions , 4 tropical storms , 2 hurricanes , and 2 major hurricanes .
worldcat is an online catalog stystem which lists the combined collections of 70,000 + libraries in 170 countries.worldcat was built by the online computer library center ( oclc ) , which is a global cooperative of libraries . worldcat is maintained by the group of libraries .
walcheren is a ( former ) island of the province of zeeland , the netherlands . in 2016 it had about 114,00 people . it covers an area of 216 km ² . it comprises the municipalities of middelburg , veere and vlissingen .
alexandra rose boyd ( born 8 july 1991 ) is a new zealand water polo player and coach . she is a member of the new zealand women 's national water polo team . she played at the 2011 world aquatics championships , and 2016 olympic qualification tournament , and 2017 world aquatics championships .
carl von gontard ( january 13 , 1731 in mannheim – september 23 , 1791 in breslau ) was a german architect ; he worked primarily in berlin , potsdam , and bayreuth.he modified the original deutscher dom and cathedrals in berlin and added the domed towers .
allai ( " àllai " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of oristano in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 364 people lived there . its area is 27.36 km ² . it is 60 meters above sea level .
nouhak phoumsavanh or phoumsavan ( ; ; april 9 , 1910 – september 9 , 2008 ) was a laotian politician . he was a longtime pathet lao revolutionary and communist party official . he was the 3rd president of laos from 1992 to 1998 .
chelmsford is a borough in the county of essex in the east of england . it has the same name as it main settlement of chelmsford , the county town of essex . about 170,000 people live in the borough . it was formed on 1 april 1974 .
the national symphony orchestra ( nso ) , founded in 1931 , is an american symphony orchestra based in washington , d.c. . its main venue is the john f. kennedy center for the performing arts . they were the official orchestra for the national memorial day concert and a capitol fourth .
group g of the 2014 fifa world cup has the teams germany , portugal , ghana and the united states . the first game begins of june 16 , and the last game ends on june 26 . germany and the united states both moved on to the next round , while germany won the group .
tan sri datuk seri panglima harris bin mohd salleh ( born 4 november 1930 ) is a malaysian politician . he was the sixth chief minister of the state of sabah in malaysia from 1976 to 1985 . he was also the president for parti berjaya .
the is japan 's largest asian studies library . it is one of the world 's five largest libraries . it is located in tokyo.it contains around 950,000 documents , written in asian , western and japanese languages.it was started by mitsubishi motors and opened in 1924 .
erula ( " èrula " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sassari in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 745 people lived there . its area is 39.31 km ² . it is 457 meters above sea level .
lara fabian ( born january 9 , 1970 ) is a belgian singer . she has sold more than twenty million records worldwide . she sings in french , spanish , english and other languages.fabian was born in etterbeek , brussels , belgium to a sicilian mother and belgian father .
la bollène - vésubie is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the alpes - maritimes department in the south of france . the inhabitants there are called bollénois . in 2006 , about 561 people lived in this town .
go - ahead london is made up of lots of bus companies . it first opened in august 2008 . it is the largest bus operator in london . they have 115 routes given to them by transport for london . here are the different names of the companies that make up go - ahead london :
railway brakes are brakes which are used for the cars of railway trains . the brakes are used to enable deceleration , to control acceleration when going down slopes or hills and to keep the cars standing while they are parked . there are several types of brakes , including vacuum brakes and air brakes .
weather center live is a program on the weather channel . it airs on weekdays from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. eastern time . it gives information about the current weather events happening in the united states . it is " the weather channel " 's de facto program .
baruch mordechai ezrachi ( born march 27 , 1929 ) is an israeli rabbi . he is the rosh yeshiva of ateres yisrael in bayit vegan in jerusalem , and a member of the degel hatorah moetzas gedolei yisrael .
yellowcake is a type of uranium powder . yellowcake is made from rocks and minerals with uranium inside , like " uraninite " , after they are changed in a factory . yellowcake can be made into fuel for nuclear reactors , or it can be used in making atomic bombs .
mark alan fischer ( 1950 – february 18 , 2015 ) was an american author and lawyer . he wrote the book " perle , williams & fischer on publishing law " . he helped create the biobricks foundation public agreement , which allows scientists to make their biotechnology tools available to the public .
geochronology is the science of finding the ages of rocks , fossils and sediments . it uses a number of methods . geochronology is the main tool used to get absolute age dates for all fossil assemblages , and for the history of the earth and other bodies .
inverness is an unincorporated community in shelby county , alabama , united states . it is a suburb of birmingham , alabama.inverness comes from a scottish city of the same name.an f2 tornado damaged business buildings here along with pelham , helena , and indian springs on march 27 , 1994 .
mihai romilă ( 1 october 1950 – 27 june 2020 ) was a romanian football midfielder.romilă played 18 matches at international level for romania , including appearances at euro 1976 and 1980 qualifiers and at the world cup 1978 qualifiers . romilă also played one game for romania 's olympic team at the 1976 summer olympics qualifiers .
zdzisław myrda ( 29 january 1951 – 6 july 2020 ) was a polish basketball player . he competed in the men 's tournament at the 1980 summer olympics . he was born in siedliska , poland.myrda died on 6 july 2020 at the age of 69 .
the commonwealth secretary - general is the head of the commonwealth secretariat , the central body which has served the commonwealth of nations since its establishment in 1965 . they are responsible for representing the commonwealth publicly.the commonwealth secretary - general should not be confused with the head of the commonwealth , who is currently elizabeth ii .
grundy county is a county in the u.s. state of iowa . as of the 2010 census , the population was 12,453 . the county seat is grundy center . the county is named for felix grundy , former u.s. attorney general .
josé freire falcão ( ; born 23 october 1925 ) is a brazilian roman catholic cardinal . he was the archbishop of brasília . he is also the cardinal - priest of san luca a via prenestina since he was made a cardinal in 1988 . he was born in ererê , brazil .
peg entwistle ( february 5 , 1908 - september 16 , 1932 ) was a welsh - born english stage actress . she acted in only one movie . in september 1932 , she jumped from the letter " h " of what was then the hollywoodland sign and later died at age 24 .
hartselle is the second largest city in morgan county , alabama , about 10 miles ( 16 km ) south of decatur , and is included in the decatur metropolitan area , and the huntsville - decatur combined statistical area . as of the 2006 census estimates , the population of the city is 13,479 .
midlothian is the names of two areas in scotland , uk : the county of midlothian includes the city of edinburgh . edinburgh is a council area on its own and so the council area of midlothian is the area of the county with edinburgh and some hills in the south cut off .
before unicode was introduced , other character encodings were used . as an example , iso - 8859 contains 15 different encodings . these are the same for the characters commonly used in english . they have several " blocks " of " special characters " , which are filed differently for each encoding .
spotted joe - pye weed ( " eutrochium maculatum " ) is a species of plant . it belongs in the family asteraceae . it is found in north america . its height ranges from 60 to 200 cm . ( 24 to 79 in . ) .
decadence ( pronounced : dek - a-dence ) means a state in which people are behaving in a way that is regarded by some people as being morally bad . the adjective is ' decadent ' . it has nothing to do with the word decade ( 10 years ) .
saint - laurent - du - mont is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . in 2016 , 189 people lived there . on 1 january 2019 , it became a part of the commune cambremer .
reach is an eu directive that simplifies the laws regarding the use of chemical substances inside the european union . it was made law in 2007 . the name stands for " registration , evaluation , authorisation and restriction of chemicals " . chemicals that are used in the eu need to be registered beforehand .
the sixth sense is a 1999 american psychological horror thriller mystery movie . it is set in philadelphia , pennsylvania and was directed by m. night shyamalan . it stars haley joel osment and bruce willis.it is the second highest - grossing horror movie of all time ( behind " it " ) .
khunjerab pass is in the north of hunza / nagar on china 's boundary . it is at an altitude of above sea level . karakoram highway ( silk route ) crosses into china through this pass . all trade between china and gilgit is carried through khunjerab .
debra jo rupp ( born 24 february 1951 ) is an american actress . she appears in television and movies . she played kitty forman in " that '70s show " . she played alice in " friends " . debra was born in glendale , california . she was raised in massachusetts .
the italian resistance movement ( or just ) is a term for italian resistance groups during world war ii.it was against the forces of nazi germany as well as the italian social republic between september 1943 and april 1945known as partisans ( ) , the brutal conflict they took part in is called the italian liberation war .
z for zachariah is a 2015 icelandic new zealand swiss science fiction movie directed by craig zobel and based on the novel of the same name by robert c. o'brien . it stars chris pine , margot robbie , chiwetel ejiofor and was distributed by lionsgate films .
eartha kitt ( january 17 , 1927 – december 25 , 2008 ) was an american singer and songwriter who had many hit songs . she was also an actress . kitt died of colorectal cancer in weston , connecticut . she was the first musician to record the song " santa baby " .
armungia ( " armùngia , armùnja " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sud sardegna in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 474 people lived there . its area is 54.75 km ² . it is 366 meters above sea level .
ghaziabad district is a largely suburban district of uttar pradesh state in northern india of national capital region . the town of ghaziabad is the administrative headquarters of the district . this district is part of meerut division . it has become a major bedroom community ( commuter town ) for delhi .
the incorporated village of lattingtown is a village located within the town of oyster bay in nassau county , new york in the united states . the population was 1,739 at the 2010 census.lattingtown is located at ( 40.894334 , -73.595118 ) .
dwight lyman ( d.l . ) moody ( february 5 , 1837 – december 22 , 1899 ) was an american evangelist and publisher . he started the moody church , northfield school and mount hermon school in massachusetts ( now the northfield mount hermon school ) , the moody bible institute and moody publishers .
the austrian empire was an empire that lasted in europe from 1804 to 1867 . the empire was centered on present - day austria and was a remnant of the holy roman empire which collapsed on 1806 . the last holy roman emperor , francis ii , became francis i of austria . it was succeeded by austria - hungary .
sunday bloody sunday is a 1971 british drama movie directed by john schlesinger and written by penelope gilliatt . it stars peter finch , glenda jackson , murray head , peggy ashcroft , and daniel day - lewis . it was nominated for four oscars in 1972 and was distributed by united artists .
the sipuncula ( or sipunculida , or peanut worms ) are a small phylum of marine worms , or they may be a class in the annelida . the phylum has 144 – 320 species ( estimates vary ) of these bilaterally symmetrical , unsegmented worms .
the alawites , also known as alawis ( " ʿalawīyyah " ) are a sect within shia islam . they live mainly in syria . they follow a branch of the twelver school of shia islam . alawites revere ali , and the name " alawi " means followers of ali .
blenio is a municipality in the district of blenio in the canton of ticino in switzerland.it was created on 22 october 2006 when the former municipalities of aquila , campo ( blenio ) , ghirone , olivone and torre merged to form the new municipality of blenio .
aromanian ( , " armãneashti " , or " armãneshce " ) , also known as macedo - romanian or vlach , is an eastern romance language , similar to meglenoromanian , or a dialect of the romanian language spoken in southeastern europe . its speakers are called aromanians or vlachs .
hans knappertsbusch ( born elberfeld ( wuppertal ) , 12 march 1888 ; died munich , 25 october 1965 ) was a german conductor . he conducted some of europes best orchestras . he was especially known for conducting the music of richard wagner , anton bruckner and richard strauss .
star trek : deep space nine ( ds9 ) is the third " star trek " television series . most of the series takes place on a space station called " deep space nine " . it was the first and so far only " star trek " show to be based on a space station rather than a starship .
karl martin lauer ( 2 january 1937 – 6 october 2019 ) was a west german sprinter . he won a gold medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 1960 summer olympics . he was born in cologne , nordrhein - westfalen.lauer died on 6 october 2019 at the age of 82 .
stuart heydinger ( 5 may 1927 – 6 october 2019 ) was a british photojournalist and portrait photographer . he was chief photographer at " the observer " from 1960 to 1966 . heydinger was born in kingston upon thames , london.heydinger died on 6 october 2019 at the age of 92 .
ferdinand masset ( november 23 , 1920 – march 31 , 2014 ) was a swiss politician of the ( fdp ) party . he was a member of the state council of the canton of fribourg . he was born in courtion.masset died in freiburg , germany from natural causes , aged 93 .
petra maria mede ( born 7 march 1970 , in stockholm , sweden ) is a swedish comedian , dancer and television host . she grew up in gothenburg.mede hosted the eurovision song contest 2013 . she she hosted the contest for a second time for the eurovision song contest in 2016 , this time along with måns zelmerlöw .
connex was a train operator in melbourne , australia . they ran all melbourne railway lines , and took over all m - train services on april 16 , 2003 , however metro trains melbourne took over all connex 's services on november 30 , 2009 . all connex services used the metcard fare system .
pavement lights are usually put into sidewalks or floors to let sunlight into a room below it . they are sometimes called vault lights or sidewalk prisms . they were much used in the late 19th and early 20th centuries when electric lighting was very expensive . some cities are removing these lights , but others are keeping and restoring them .
robert temple armstrong , baron armstrong of ilminster , ( 30 march 1927 – 3 april 2020 ) was a british lord temporal and former civil servant . from 1970 to 1975 he was the principal private secretary to the prime minister . he was knighted in 1978 . from 1979 to 1987 , he served as cabinet secretary under margaret thatcher .
amite county is a county in the u.s. state of mississippi on the southern border with louisiana . as of the 2010 census , 13,131 people lived there . its county seat is liberty . the county is named after the amite river which runs through the county . it was founded in 1809 .
simon smith kuznets ( ; ; april 30 , 1901 – july 8 , 1985 ) was an american economist and statistician.he received the 1971 nobel memorial prize in economic sciences " for his empirically founded interpretation of economic growth which has led to new and deepened insight into the economic and social structure and process of development . "
the new york provincial congress was an organization that was started by rebels in 1775 during the american revolution as a replacement for the province of new york assembly . it was a replacement for the committee of one hundred . there were three provincial congresses until the first constitutional convention was founded . the new york provincial congress was replaced in 1777 .
the class 171 " turbostar " is a type of dmu operated by southern . the class 171 is identical to the class 170 , except for the replacement of the bsi coupler with a dellner coupler . this provision was made in order to allow emergency joining with class 377 dc third - rail electric units .
lvmh moët hennessy – louis vuitton se ( ) , also known as lvmh , is a french multinational luxury goods conglomerate headquartered in paris ( france ) . the company was formed in 1987 under the merger of fashion house louis vuitton with moët hennessy , a company formed after the 1971 .
an after school special is a type of american television program intended to be viewed by adolescents when they return home from school , usually at about 4:00 pm . it was started by the american broadcasting company in 1972 . its rival , cbs , also put out an after school special show titled " schoolbreak specials " in 1984 .
bleach is the first album by the american rock band , nirvana . it did not become popular when it was released , but when nirvana 's second album " nevermind " was released in 1991 , many nirvana fans discovered " bleach " . it is the best - selling release ever on the sub pop label .
sasheer zamata moore ( ; born may 6 , 1986 ) is an american actress and comedienne . in 2014 , she started appearing on " saturday night live " . she was the first black woman on the show since 2007 . zamamta was raised in indianapolis , indiana . she lives in new york city .
les reed ( born 16 august 1932 ) is a former australian rules footballer . he played for geelong in the victorian football league ( vfl ) during the early 1950s . he came off the bench as a reserve in geelong 's 1951 premiership side . he also played as a wingman when they lost the 1953 grand final to collingwood .
edward norman fadeley ( december 13 , 1929 – august 30 , 2015 ) was an american attorney and former politician in the state of oregon.he was the 88th associate justice of the oregon supreme court . previously he served in both the oregon house of representatives and the oregon state senate , serving one session as president of the oregon senate .
pro bono is a latin phrase meaning " for [ the ] good " , that is used to mean that a legal professional ( lawyer ) who would otherwise be paid money for their work , works without being paid , for the benefit of society , typically on behalf of a person or organization who can not pay for some reason , such as poverty .
hans modrow ( ; born 27 january 1928 ) is a german politician . he was best known as the last communist premier of east germany . he is the honorary chairman of the left party . after the german reunification , modrow served as a member of the european parliament ( 1999 – 2004 ) and of the bundestag .
jean paul gaultier is a french haute couture fashion designer . he created his own ready - to - wear brand in 1976 . his first couture fashion show was in 1997 . from 1993 to 1997 , trademark co-hosted " eurotrash " with antoine de caunes on channel 4 ( uk ) .
tatarstan is an autonomous republic within russia . the republic is about 800 kilometers ( 497 miles ) east of moscow . it is between the volga river and the kama river ( a tributary of the volga ) , and extends east to the ural mountains . most of the people are tatars , its capital is kazan .
golden is the fourteenth studio album by australian singer kylie minogue . it was released worldwide on 6 april 2018 by bmg rights management . most of the album was recorded in nashville , tennessee and spawned six singles . minogue described the album as one of her most personal efforts , writing songs about topics like failed relationships , death and having fun .
vieques ( english pronunciation : " vee - ay - kayz " or " - kez " ) , in full isla de vieques , is an island - municipality of puerto rico in the northeastern caribbean . like mainland puerto rico the island is us territory , though it retains strong spanish influences from 400 years of spanish ownership .
christine jane baranski ( b . 2 may 1952 ) is an american actress , singer and producer . on stage , she played mrs. lovett in " sweeney todd " and the title character in " mame " . she has also acted in multiple movies . baranski was born in buffalo , new york .
jackson is an american city in the state of wyoming . it is in teton county . the current mayor of jackson is mark barron . as of 2000 , 8,647 people lived there . many tourists go through jackson when they visit the nearby grand teton national park , yellowstone national park , and the national elk refuge .
mobile genetic elements ( mge ) are a type of dna that can move around within the genome . they include : the total of all mobile genetic elements in a genome may be referred to as the mobilome.barbara mcclintock was awarded the 1983 nobel prize in physiology or medicine " for her discovery of mobile genetic elements " .
flurbereinigung ( pronounce : flooer - be-rye-nee-gung ) is a word used in germany to refer to the rearranging of fields in agriculture . during the second half of the 20th century , flurbereinigung led to major changes in the landscape in the german countryside .
thyroid hormones are produced by thyroid glands . t and t are thyroid hormones that are made up of iodine and tyrosine . less intake of iodine results in less production of t and t which may lead to a medical condition called hypothyroidism . greater production of thyroid hormones leads to hyperthyroidism .
dover is a borough in york county , pennsylvania , united states . the population was 1,815 at the 2000 census . the united states census bureau says the borough has a total area of 1.3 km ² ( 0.5 mi ² ) . all of it is land . there are no lakes or rivers in dover .
francesco schettino ( ; born 14 november 1960 ) is an italian former sea captain . he commanded the cruise ship " costa concordia " when it struck an underwater rock and capsized with the deaths of 32 passengers and crew off the italian island of giglio on 13 january 2012 . in 2015 he was sentenced to a 16 - year prison sentence .
charlemagne masséna péralte ( 1886 - 1 november 1919 ) was a leader in haiti . he stood against the us invasion of his country in 1915 . he led fighters called the cacos against the us forces in haiti . the us needed to get more soldiers because peraite was difficult to stop . péralte is a hero in haiti today .
seskarö ( finnish : " seittenkaari " ) is a locality in haparanda municipality in norrbotten county in sweden . in 2010 , 491 people lived there . it is located on the island with the same name in the haparanda archipelago . since 1978 , it has bridge connection to maninland sweden .
the pyrenees ( ; ; ; ; ; ) are a range of mountains in southwest europe that form a natural border between france and spain . they separate the " iberian peninsula " from france , and extend for about 430 km ( 267 mi ) from the atlantic ocean ( bay of biscay ) to the mediterranean sea ( cap de creus ) .
maurice germot ( ; 15 november 1882 – 6 august 1958 ) was a french tennis player and olympic champion . he won two olympic gold medals in doubles . the first time was with his partner max decugis in 1906 and the second time with andré gobert in 1912 . he also won a silver medal in singles in 1906 .
tropical storm cristobal was a cyclone that formed in august of 2002 . it stayed away from land for most of its life . however , when it died out , what was left of the storm caused rain and wind on bermuda . it also caused stormy seas that caused three people to drown near long island . no severe damage happened .
" perfect illusion " is a song recorded by american singer - songwriter lady gaga . it is the lead single from her fifth studio album , " joanne " . the song was released on september 9 , 2016 . it reached the top twenty in the us , uk , australia , and canada . it reached number one in france and spain .
alexander valentino " tino " acebo ( september 5 , 1927 – april 11 , 2019 ) was an american republican politician . for over 20 years , he was the vermont state auditor from 1970 to 1993 . acebo was born in barre , vermont.acebo died in wells , maine on april 11 , 2019 at the age of 91 .
arthur ian lavender ( born 16 february 1946 ) , better known as ian lavender , is an english stage , movie and television actor . he is best known for his role as private frank pike in the bbc comedy series " dad 's army " . he is the last surviving cast member to have played one of the seven main characters within the platoon .
selwa carmen showker “ lucky ” roosevelt ( born january 13 , 1929 ) is a retired - american civil servant . she served as chief of protocol of the united states for almost seven years from 1982 through 1989 during the ronald reagan presidency . she was married to , archibald bulloch roosevelt , jr. , the grandson of president theodore roosevelt .
jamstik is a portable 6 - string midi guitar controller with five frets made by zivix , llc . the jamstik is compatible with ipad , iphone and macintosh . it weighs . the jamstik comes with an included instructional app called jamtutor . jamtutor helps teach new guitar players the basics of guitar .
a gameshark is a cheating device for console video game systems and microsoft windows computers . it lets the player of a video game do things that the game does not normally let players do , like walk through walls or have unlimited items . to use it , players load cheat codes through a disk or cartridge , then load the game to use them .
eastern european summer time ( eest ) is one of the names of utc +3 time zone . this zone is 3 hours ahead of coordinated universal time . it is used as a summer daylight saving time in some european , north african , and middle eastern countries . during the winter , the eastern european time ( utc +2 ) is used .
a person is in shock when blood is not sufficient to bring oxygen to the brain . the shock is progressive and can be deadly if it is not quickly made well.the normal first aid action is the " trendelenburg position " , the person is lying face upward , with his legs lifted . the blood is forced to flow to the brain .
bringing down the house is a 2003 romantic comedy movie . the movie is about a working tax attorney who tries to turn his life around . steve martin plays peter . queen latifah plays charlene . joan plowright plays virginia.the movie received mixed to negative reviews from critics . it made quite a bit of money anyway .
schelte john " bobby " bus ( born in 1956 ) is an astronomer at the university of hawaii institute for astronomy.bus has found or co-found over 1,000 asteroids as well as the comet 87p / bus . 3254 bus was named after him by edward l. g. bowell when he found it in 1982 .
carlos soria ( 1 march 1949 – 1 january 2012 ) was an argentine lawyer who became governor of . a member of the ruling peronist party , he had been the mayor of general roca , until his election as governor of the province in october 2011 . he died after being shot in the head during an argument at home with his wife .
magnetostatics is the study of magnetic fields in systems where the electric currents are steady ( not changing with time ) . magnetostatics is widely used in magnetic storage devices such as in computer memory . magnetostatic focussing can be got by a permanent magnet or by passing a current through a coil of wire whose axis coincides with the beam axis .
volvo v40 was a car produced by volvo from 1995 through 2004 . it was the estate version of the first generation s40 . it was replaced by the v50 in 2004 . in 2012 volvo introduced a a different car also " volvo v40 " . it is a completely new design and it shares nothing but its name with the older v40 .
saint pauls mountain ( ) is a mountain in antarctica . it is high and has steep cliffs . it is 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northeast of round mountain on the north side of taylor glacier . it is joined to round mountain by a high ridge . it was named by the " discovery " expedition ( 1901 - 04 ) .
albertus petrus enricus gerardus westelaken ( 2 september 1949 – 4 june 2015 ) , better known by his stage name albert west , was a dutch pop singer and record producer . he was the lead singer of the shuffles from 1963 to 1973 . he was born in 's - hertogenbosch , north brabant .
al - shams ( ) was a militia force formed in east pakistan in early 1971 by the pakistan army.al - shams is an arabic word meaning ' the sun ' . al shams was pakistani armed groups formed by the pakistan army to fight out and resist mukti bahini and support the army in its campaigns in the former east pakistan provincial region .
south jakarta ( ) is a city in jakarta , indonesia . it is the second largest administrative city in jakarta after east jakarta.south jakarta is divided into five subdistricts : kebayoran baru , kebayoran lama , pesanggrahan , setiabudi , cilandak , pasar minggu , and jagakarsa .
thompson twins were an english alternative rock band formed in 1977 . the group disbanded in may 1993 . they were successful in having three top ten hits in the us . when the group did not move past their synthpop sound they lost their popularity . through most of their career there were three members . however none were twins and none were named thompson .
middletown is a city in orange county , new york , united states . it lies in new york 's hudson valley region . as of the 2010 united states census , the city 's population was 28,086 . the zip code is 10940 . middletown falls within the poughkeepsie – newburgh – middletown metropolitan statistical area .
egg is a municipality in the bregenz forest in the austrian state of vorarlberg . it is part of the district of bregenz.in 1894 , the brauerei egg was founded in egg . by now , it is the only brewery left in the bregenz forest.the egg museum is a regional museum that was founded in 1904 .
owen william paterson ( born june 24 , 1956 in shropshire , england ) is a british politician who is the secretary of state for northern ireland . he is a conservative party member of parliament ( mp ) for the constituency of north shropshire in the house of commons of the united kingdom.he was first elected in the 1997 general election and first entered the shadow cabinet in 2007 .
simon john pegg ( né beckingham , born 14 february 1970 ) is an english actor , comedian , writer , producer , singer , stand - up comedian and director . his best known roles are " spaced " , " shaun of the dead " , " hot fuzz " " and " " paul " . he is also known for working with nick frost .
rated r : remixed is the second remix album by barbadian recording artist rihanna . it was released on may 8 , 2010 , in brazil and europe and on may 24 , 2010 , in the united states by def jam recordings . it contains remixes from her fourth studio album , " rated r " . the songs were remixed by house music producer chew fu .
jerry douglas is an american grammy award - winning dobro player . over the years , he has worked with musicians including ray charles , peter rowan , béla fleck , emmylou harris , phish , chris thile , dolly parton , paul simon , ricky skaggs , bill frisell , john fogerty , nanci griffith , tony rice and james taylor .
8 million ways to die is a 1986 american crime thriller movie . it was directed by hal ashby and produced by oliver stone . the movie is based on the book of the same name by lawrence block . actors include jeff bridges , andy garcia , rosanna arquette , james avery , randy brooks , and alexandra paul . it was distributed by tristar pictures .
sheryl crow ( born february 11 , 1962 ) is an american singer - songwriter . she can also play guitar and bass guitar.many of her songs have charted and are still popular . they include " the first cut is the deepest " , " soak up the sun " , " if it makes you happy " and " all i wan na do " .
a nebula is an interstellar cloud of dust , hydrogen , helium and other ionized gases in a galaxy.the persian astronomer , abd al - rahman al - sufi , mentioned a true nebula for the first time in his book , " book of fixed stars " ( 964 ) . he said that there was a " little cloud " near the andromeda galaxy .
giuseppe zamberletti ( 17 december 1933 – 26 january 2019 ) was an italian politician . he was born in varese , italy . he was the minister of protezione civile from 1982 to 1987 and senator from 2004 to 2009 . zamberletti died on 26 january 2019 in varese from complications of alzheimer 's disease at the age of 85 .
a granary is a building or room ( usually in a barn ) that holds grain . it keeps the grain dry so it does not spoil , and keeps it away from animals that would eat it . they are an important part of a farm . if the grain is lost , eaten by pests , or ruined , the farmers might starve or lose much money .
richard lee lawson ( born march 7 , 1947 ) is an american actor . he has starred in movies and on television . lawson is perhaps best known for his roles as ryan in the 1982 movie " poltergeist " and dr. ben taylor in the 1983 nbc miniseries " v " . he served 21 months in vietnam during the vietnam war and was wounded in action .
ibk sundsvall was a floorball club in sundsvall in sweden . it was established in 1986 . the men 's team played in the swedish top division during the 1990 's . in 2006 the club merged with ibk nordic becoming sundsvall city.in 1991 the club also played soccer in the men 's division 6 .
computation is the act of determining ( working out ) something by processing information . it involves using specific rules , either mathematical or logical . it may or may not involve using numbers ; the computation of numbers and arithmetic is generally called " calculation " . the study of computation is called computer science.the theory of computation involves determining whether a certain problem can be solved by computation .
mark boone junior ( born mark heidrich march 17 , 1955 ) is an american television and movie actor . he is known for his roles in " memento " and in " batman begins " as detective flass . he played bobby munson in " sons of anarchy " . he was born in cincinnati , ohio . he was raised in chicago , illinois .
the monk parakeet , quaker parrot or seatowerian budgerigar , ( " myiopsitta monachus " ) lives in argentina and the countries around south america . the bird is also known for passing one of its tail feathers through its bill to reconnect the barbules . this locking process is similar to pressing velcro strips together .
jhelum ( urdu and ) is a city on the right bank of the jhelum river , in the district of the same name in the north of punjab province , pakistan . jhelum is known for providing a large number of soldiers to the british and later to the pakistan armed forces due to which it is also known as city of soldiers or land of martyrs .
a wrinkle in time is a science fiction and fantasy novel by madeleine l'engle . it was first published in 1962 . the book won the 1963 newbery medal and the 1965 sequoyah book award . it also won the lewis carroll shelf award in 1964 . a live - action movie by disney based on the book will be released in 2018 .
lorenzo cherubini ( born 27 september 1966 ) , better known as jovanotti is an italian singer - songwriter.jovanotti first sang a mix of hip hop , rap and disco . then he included funk , world music and even classical music and ska . most of his songs are sung in italian . he has also made a spanish language greatest hits album .
nadine vanessa dorries ( ; born 21 may 1957 ) is a british conservative politician . she is the parliamentary under - secretary of state for health and social care since 2019 . he was member of parliament ( mp ) for mid bedfordshire since 2005 . on 10 march 2020 she became the first british mp to test positive for coronavirus disease 2019 ( covid - 19 ) .
montourtier is a former commune of 326 people ( 2009 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2019 , the commune was unified with montsûrs - saint - céneré , deux - évailles and saint - ouën - des - vallons , and the new municipality took the name of montsûrs .
lewis county is a county located in the u.s. state of new york . as of the 2010 census , the population was 27,087 , making it the fourth - least populous county in new york . its county seat is lowville . the county is named after morgan lewis , the governor of new york.lewis county was founded in 1805 .
sucre is the capital city of bolivia . it was also known as charcas , la plata , and chuquisaca in the past . about 250,000 people lived there in 2006 . sucre lies at an altitude of and is the sixth largest city in bolivia . the city is named after antonio josé de sucre , an 18th century revolutionary leader .
the king 's gambit is a chess opening which starts with these moves : the opening is called a gambit because white sacrifices a pawn . in exchange for the pawn , white gets better development and opens up lines that can be used to attack the black king . it was more popular in the 1800s , when many black players did not know good ways to play against it .
bernt " sump - hugo " andersson ( 5 september 1933 – 6 january 2020 ) was a swedish footballer and football manager . he made 91 allsvenskan appearance for djurgårdens if and scored 19 goals . he managed halmstads bk , vasalunds if and helsingborgs if.andersson died on 6 january 2020 at the age of 86 .
porky 's ii : the next day is a 1983 american canadian sex comedy movie directed by bob clark and is the sequel to " porky 's " ( 1981 ) . it stars dan monahan , wyatt knight , mark herrier , nancy parsons , cyril o'reilly , kaki hunter , eric christmas , joseph runningfox and was distributed by 20th century fox .
the class 379 electrostar is a type of electric multiple unit . it has been ordered by national express east anglia to run their stansted express services . the class 379 units feature 2 +2 seating and wi - fi internet installed . large luggage racks and multi-lingual signage will be expected . the units will be built at bombardier 's plant at derby .
a convention center , in american english , is an exhibition hall , or conference center . it is designed to hold a convention . in british english very large venues suitable for major trade shows are known as exhibition centres . the term " convention centre " is sometimes used for intermediate venues between exhibitions centres and " conference centres " , which are much smaller and contain lecture halls and meeting rooms .
the river camel is a river in cornwall , uk . it rises on the edge of bodmin moor and together with its tributaries drains a considerable part of north cornwall . the river issues into the atlantic ocean having covered a distance of approximately 30 miles . the river is tidal as far upstream as egloshayle and is popular for sailing , birdwatching and fishing .
the phylum bacteroidetes is composed of three large classes of bacteria that are widely distributed in the environment , including in soil , in sediments , sea water and in the guts and on the skin of animals.members of the genus " bacteroides " are opportunistic pathogens . rarely are members of the other two classes pathogenic to humans .
the world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) draft lottery , also known as the world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) draft , is a device used to provide new brand competition and to refreshen the promotion 's rosters . the draft was first used during the brand extension of 2002 and the brand extension of 2006 , but was officially created and used in 2004 , 2005 , 2007 , and 2008 .
jóhann gunnar sigurðsson ( 2 february 1882 – 20 may 1906 ) was an icelandic poet.sigurðsson was a new new romantic - style writer . he was born in reykjavík . he studied at the menntaskólinn í reykjavík until 1903 . in november 1905 , sigurðsson fell ill and was hospitalized . he died on 20 may 1906 , aged 24 , in reykjavík .
palma de mallorca is the capital of the balearic islands and the mallorca island , in the mediterranean sea , in front of the iberian peninsula . the city , with a population of 410,000 , is the ninth - largest of spain . it is a very important tourist center in the world , and is very popular for its sausages and llamas .
" ' right behind you ( mafia ) ' " is a 2001 alternative rock / post-grunge song by the canadian alternative rock band our lady peace and is the third single from their fourth studio album " spiritual machines " , which was released in 2000 . the song was written by raine maida and mike turner and was produced by both arnold lanni and raine maida .
the 1908 summer olympics , officially known as the games of the iv olympiad , were held in london , united kingdom.the olympics were originally scheduled to be held in rome ; however , mount vesuvius erupted on 7 april 1906 . the natural disaster caused a financial strain on the italian government . then the venue was changed to london . the costs of the games were covered by donations .
sorel etrog , cm ( august 29 , 1933 – february 26 , 2014 ) was a romanian - born canadian artist , writer and philosopher . he is best known for his work as a sculptor . in 1966 , works by etrog , alex colville and yves gaucher represented canada at the venice biennale.he died from prostate cancer in toronto . he was aged 80 .
eva hesse ( january 11 , 1936 – may 29 , 1970 ) was a german - born and american - raised sculptor and painter . her career was short . she worked with fiberglass and plastics . she also sculpted with other materials . hesse was born near hamburg , germany . she moved to new york city.hesse died in 1970 from a brain tumor diagnosed the previous year .
juhani tapio antero kärkinen ( 28 october 1935 – 29 august 2019 ) was a finnish ski jumper . he won a gold medal in the large hill at the 1958 world ski championships . he placed eighth in the normal hill at the 1960 winter olympics . he was born in kotka , finland.kärkinen died on 29 august 2019 in lahti , finland at the age of 83 .
wincrange ( , ) is a commune in luxembourg . it is part of the canton of clervaux . it is the largest commune in luxembourg by area.as of 2019 , 4,392 people live here.wincrange was created on 1 january 1978 from the former communes of asselborn , boevange , hachiville and oberwampach .
american gothic is a painting made by grant wood . it was painted in the early 20th century . the painting is a father and daughter ( not his wife as many people think ) standing beside each other with the father holding a pitchfork in his hand standing in front of a house . the painting was painted on a beaverboard with oil and is currently on display in the art institute of chicago .
chiang ching - kuo ( 1910 - 1988 ) was a taiwanese politician . he held numerous posts in the government of the republic of china ( roc ) . chiang ching - kuo was the son of chiang kai - shek . he succeeded his father to serve as premier of the republic of china . he was the president of the republic of china from 1978 until his death in 1988 .
krystyna maria łybacka ( 10 february 1946 – 20 april 2020 ) was a polish politician . she was the minister of national education from 2001 to 2004 . she also served as a member of the national parliament ( sejm ) from 1991 to 2014 . she was born in jutrosin.łybacka died on 20 april 2020 at the age of 74 .
charles morris ( bud ) godfrey , ( born 24 september 1917 ) , is an american - born canadian physician , professor and politician . he was a member of the ontario new democratic party . he was a member of provincial parliament for two years in the ontario legislature , but he is best known for having led the protests against the proposed pickering international airport in the 1970s . godfrey turned 100 in september 2017 .
psyche ( pronounce : sy - kee ) is a former mortal woman and goddess of the soul in greek mythology . she is the wife of eros ( cupid ) and the mother of hedone . she is always pictured with butterfly wings . today , psyche is known from a story called " the golden ass " , written by lucius apuleius in the 2nd century .
publius ( or gaius ) cornelius tacitus ( ca . 56 – ca . 117 ) was a senator and a historian of the roman empire . the surviving parts of his two major works — the " annals " and the " histories " — report about the reigns of the roman emperors tiberius , claudius , nero , galba , otho , vitellius , and vespasian .
the following table indicates the party of elected officials in the u.s. state of kansas : the table also indicates the historical party composition in the : for years in which a presidential election was held , the table indicates which party 's nominees received the state 's electoral votes.the parties are as follows : ( d ) , ( farm . all . / p ) , ( r ) , and .
zaragoza ( ) , also called saragossa in english , is a province of northern spain , in the central part of the autonomous community of aragon.its capital is zaragoza , which is also the capital of the autonomous community . other towns in zaragoza include calatayud , borja , la almunia de doña godina , ejea de los caballeros and tarazona .
the independent is a daily online newspaper in the united kingdom , founded in 1986 . its sister paper , the independent on sunday is , as the name suggests , published on a sunday.originally a broadsheet newspaper , it became a tabloid in 2006 . the paper stopped being printed in march 2016 and is now only available online . it tends to take a liberal and centrist political position .
the blue blanquillo ( malacanthus latovittatus , also known as the banded blanquillo , striped blanquillo , false whiting , sand tilefish or eye of the sea ) is a species of tilefish . it is one of the many members of the family malacanthidae . it is the only species within the genus " malacanthus " .
trevor rodney kidd ( born march 29 , 1972 ) is a former nhl goaltender who last played for the hannover scorpions in the deutsche eishockey liga . throughout his 12 - year national hockey league career , kidd played for the calgary flames , carolina hurricanes , florida panthers and toronto maple leafs . a first - round draft pick , kidd was selected 11th overall by the flames in the 1990 nhl entry draft .
glass frog ( or glassfrogs ) is the common name for the frogs of the amphibian family centrolenidae . most glass frogs are a lime green color . for some glass frogs the skin on the stomach area is transparent . the insides , including the heart , liver , and gastrointestinal tract can be seen through the skin . this is the reason for the common name .
terra nova was an american science fiction television series . it was broadcast from september 26 to december 19 , 2011 on fox . fox has said they will not pick the series up for a second year . the series is shopped to other networks . the series tells the story of the shannon family as they travel 85 million year into the past . the series starred jason o'mara and stephen lang .
john houseman ( born jacques haussmann ; september 22 , 1902october 31 , 1988 ) was a romanian - born british – american actor and movie producer . he was known for working with orson welles . houseman was known for his role as professor charles kingsfield in the movie " the paper chase " ( 1973 ) . houseman died in malibu , california from spinal cancer , aged 86 .
saint ambrose ( c. 330 – 4 april 397 ) was an archbishop of milan . he is an important figure in the catholic church , and the patron saint of milan.saint ambrose was one of the four original doctors of the church , the title given by the catholic church to saints for their significant contribution to theology or doctrine through their research study or writing.the feast day is celebrated on december 7 .
lucjan roman lis ( 8 august 1950 – 26 january 2015 ) was a polish cyclist . he had his best achievements in the 100 km team time trial . in this event he won a silver medal at the 1972 summer olympics as well as a bronze and a gold medal at the world championships in 1971 and 1973 . lis died of a ruptured aorta in warsaw , poland , aged 64 .
philip michael ondaatje , ( ; born 12 september 1943 ) , is a sri lankan - born canadian poet , fiction writer , essayist , novelist , editor and filmmaker.he has won the governor general 's award , the giller prize , the booker prize , and the prix médicis étranger.ondaatje is also an officer of the order of canada . he is seen as canada 's most renowned living authors .
the usual suspects is a 1995 neo-noir crime - drama - thriller movie . it is about criminal activity and a con man . it stars stephen baldwin , gabriel byrne , benicio del toro , chazz palminteri , kevin pollak , pete postlethwaite and kevin spacey.the movie was released on august 16 , 1995 . most critics gave very good reviews to the movie .
jiří hanák ( 27 february 1938 – 5 june 2020 ) was a czech journalist and political activist . he was born in buchlovice , czechoslovakia . he was a member of the communist party . he was the editor of a czech newspaper company titled " free word " . he was one of the signers of charter 77 . hanák died on 5 june 2020 in prague at the age of 82 .
lorand gaspar ( 28 february 1925 – 9 october 2019 ) was a hungarian – born french poet . he was born in târgu mureș , hungary . he published his first verse collection in 1966 , " le quatrième état de la matière " ( flammarion ) and published a number of prose works and travel books as a photographer.gaspar died on 9 october 2019 in paris at the age of 94 .
scrap is a term used to describe recyclable materials left over from every manner of product consumption , such as parts of vehicles , building supplies , and surplus materials . often confused with waste , scrap in fact has significant monetary value.overall , the scrap industry processes more than of recyclable material each year into raw material feedstock for industrial manufacturing around the world . one example is scrap steel .
arthur davies ( 11 april 1941 – ) was a welsh tenor . he had an international performance career from the 1970s through the 1990s . he performed leading roles with the royal opera in london , the welsh national opera , the scottish opera , and the english national opera.davies was born in wrexham , wales . he died in august 2018 at the age of 77 . his death was announced on august 9 .
val - de-vie is a commune . it is found in the region normandy in the calvados department in the northwest of france . the municipality was created on 1 january 2016 and consists of the former communes of sainte - foy - de-montgommery ( the seat ) , la brévière , la chapelle - haute - grue and saint - germain - de-montgommery .
jiang yi - huah ( ; born 18 november 1960 ) is a republic of china politician . he was the premier of the republic of china from 2013 to 2014 . before he was premier , jiang was the vice premier of the republic of china from 2012 to 2013 . he was the minister of the interior from 2009 to 2012 . he was the minister of research , development and evaluation commission from 2008 to 2009 .
marion sylvester barber iii ( born june 10 , 1983 ) is a former american football running back in the national football league . after playing college football for the minnesota golden gophers , he was drafted by the dallas cowboys in the fourth round of the 2005 nfl draft . he was selected to the pro bowl in 2007 during his six - year tenure with the cowboys . he played for the chicago bears in 2011 .
magnús eiríksson ( born 22 june , 1806 in skinnalón , iceland ; died 3 july , 1881 in copenhagen , denmark ) was an icelandic theologian . he lived in copenhagen at the same time as søren kierkegaard ( 1813 - 1855 ) and hans lassen martensen ( 1808 - 1884 ) and viewed their opinions on religion and christianity with a critical eye.magnús eiríksson was a lutheran who developed a unitarian conviction .
merrimack county is a county in the u.s. state of new hampshire . as of the 2010 census , the population was 146,445 , making it the third-most populous county in new hampshire . its county seat is concord , the capital of new hampshire . the county was founded in 1823 from parts of hillsborough and rockingham counties , and is named for the merrimack river .
the division of franklin is an australian electoral division in tasmania . it was set up in 1903 and is named for sir john franklin , the polar explorer and lt governor of van diemen 's land 1843 – 46 . it is covers an area of 6514 km ² in southern tasmania . this includes the hobart suburbs of bridgewater , cygnet , kingston , lauderdale as well as bruny island .
the terminal is an american comedy - drama movie . it was released in 2004 . steven spielberg directed the movie . tom hanks and catherine zeta - jones were the main actors . this movie is about a man who can not leave new york 's john f. kennedy airport terminal . he is denied entry into the united states and also can not return to his native country because of a military coup .
" psilocybin is a chemical substance . it can cause hallucinations when eaten , and has also been found to reverse psychological conditioning , grow brain cells and heal the brain . it occurs in many kinds of fungi and mushrooms , most notably psilocybin mushrooms . most of these are known as psychedelic mushrooms.the substance is used as a recreational drug . it is illegal in many countries .
arnold kopelson ( february 14 , 1935 – october 8 , 2018 ) was an american movie producer . he was born in brooklyn , new york . he was known for his works in " platoon " , " seven " , " outbreak " , " the fugitive " and " the devil 's advocate " . kopelson died at his home in beverly hills , california on october 8 , 2018 , aged 83 .
nu shooz are an r & b group based in portland , oregon.they formed in 1979 . they released many records in the 1980s . however , they did not hit the mainstream until after their 1986 album " poolside " was released . the song " i ca n't wait " was among their many hit songs . in 1988 the band broke up . in 2007 they got back together .
myra maybelle shirley reed starr ( february 5 , 1848 – february 3 , 1889 , known as belle starr ) was an american outlaw . she knew jesse james , the younger brothers , and other criminals and outlaws . she was convicted of stealing horses in 1883 . she was sent to prison . in 1889 , she was ambushed in oklahoma . she died of shotgun wounds . no one knows who killed her .
a political party is an organized group of people or bodies who seek to capture political power through an election in order to run the affairs of a country . it often puts forward candidates for public office . in a democracy , leaders must " run for office " in an election . in a dictatorship , there is generally only one party allowed , that can approve a new leader without non-members having a choice .
harold huyton " tim " francis ( 1928 – 2 january 2016 ) was a new zealand diplomat . he was permanent representative to the united nations from 1978 to 1982 . he was also ambassador to the united states from 1988 to 1991 . francis was born in auckland . he was married to sherrah and had three children.francis died from cancer on 2 january 2016 in wellington . he was 87 .
old greenwich is a neighborhood / section and census - designated place in greenwich in fairfield county , connecticut , united states . as of the 2010 census it had a population of 6,611 . it was founded in 1641 . old greenwich has become popular for home buyers and ranks at 7th place among the nation 's wealthiest communities in an annual bloomberg report published march 5 , 2018 , " america 's 100 richest places " .
john william finn ( 23 july 1909 – 27 may 2010 ) was an american sailor in the united states navy . he served as a chief petty officer . he received the united states military 's highest decoration , the medal of honor , for his actions during the attack on pearl harbor in world war ii . finn was the oldest living medal of honor recipient in the united states and the last living of the pearl harbor recipients .
blade runner 2049 is a 2017 american neo-noir science fiction movie directed by denis villeneuve and written by hampton fancher and michael green . a sequel to " blade runner " ( 1982 ) , the movie stars ryan gosling and harrison ford , with ana de armas , sylvia hoeks , robin wright , mackenzie davis , carla juri , lennie james , dave bautista and jared leto in supporting roles .
oophorectomy is the removal of an ovary or ovaries . it is similar to castration . people get an oophorectomy for many reasons . this may be to treat cancer or the menstrual cycle . it has also been proposed as a way of treating female sexual predators , female hebephiles and female pedophiles by stopping their libido .
michel chodkiewicz ( 13 may 1929 – 31 march 2020 ) was a french author and a scholar of sufism . he was director - general then president and ceo of " editions du seuil " from 1977 to 1989 . he became director of studies at the ecole des hautes etudes en sciences sociales where he conducted seminars on ibn ' arabi.chodkiewicz died on 31 march 2020 at the age of 90 .
desert sand is a colour which is like the color of desert sand.it is a deep tone of beige.in 1998 , " desert sand " was made into a crayola crayon colour.the color shown at right matches the palest of the three colors in the 3 - color " desert camouflage uniform " of united states army.in 1990 , it began to replace the 6 - color " desert battle dress uniform " .
the grand tour was the name of travel through europe by rich european ( mostly british ) young men between 1660 until about 1840 . it was done to learn about european society and art . the idea was that what they learned on their travels could be used to help those that stayed at home . italy was often the final country to visit . they would mostly travel with servants and a teacher called a " bear - leader " .
charles h. pitman ( october 20 , 1935 – february 13 , 2020 ) was an american politician . he was lieutenant general in the united states marine corps . pitman was deputy chief of staff for aviation . he retired in 1990 . he served during the vietnam war and was awarded the purple heart . pitman was born in chicago , illinois.pitman died on february 13 , 2020 from cancer , aged 84 .
the adult use of marijuana act ( also known as auma or proposition 64 ) was a 2016 voter initiative that legalized cannabis in california . the full name of the measure was the " control , regulate and tax adult use of marijuana act " . a similar initiative was on the ballot in 2010 , proposition 19 . it did not pass . the initiative passed with 56 % voter approval and became law on november 9 , 2016 .
kyburg - buchegg is a former municipality of the district bucheggberg in the canton of solothurn in switzerland . on 1 january 2014 the former municipalities of aetigkofen , aetingen , bibern , brügglen , gossliwil , hessigkofen , küttigkofen , kyburg - buchegg , mühledorf and tscheppach merged to form the new municipality of buchegg .
stephen lewis ( 17 december 1926 – 12 august 2015 ) was an english actor , comedian , director , screenwriter , and playwright . he was best known for his roles as inspector cyril " blakey " blake in the lwt sitcom " on the buses " , clem " smiler " hemmingway in " last of the summer wine " , and harry lambert in bbc television 's " oh , doctor beeching ! " .
mājuli or majoli ( , is an island in the brahmaputra river , assam , india.the island had a total area of at the beginning of the 20th century . much land was eroded , so it had an area of only in 2014 . majuli has shrunk as the river surrounding it has grown . however , it is recognised by guinness book of world records as the world 's largest river island .
george berkeley ( 12 march 1685 – 14 january 1753 ) , or bishop berkeley , was an irish bishop and philosopher.berkeley was one of the three ' british empiricists ' , philosophers around the late 1600s and 1700s who believed in 'em piricism ' , the philosophy that everything we learn comes through our senses . the other british empiricists included the englishman john locke and scotsman david hume .
katherine anne maclean ( january 22 , 1925 – september 1 , 2019 ) was an american science fiction author . she was best known for her short fiction of the 1950s which talked about the impact of technological advances on individuals and society . in 1971 , she won the nebula award for her novel " the missing man " . maclean was born in glen ridge , new jersey.maclean died on september 1 , 2019 at the age of 94 .
frederick nelson pyatt ( born september 9 , 1953 ) is a canadian former professional ice hockey player . pyatt was born in port arthur , ontario . drafted in 1973 by both the detroit red wings of the national hockey league and the minnesota fighting saints of the world hockey association , pyatt also played for the washington capitals and colorado rockies.he is the father of jesse and former nhl players tom and taylor pyatt .
amanda lee modano ( earlier last name : williford , also called willa ford ; born 22 january 1981 ) is an american singer , songwriter , actress and television personality . she released her very first studio record , " willa was were " , in july 2001 . ford hosted several reality television shows , posed for " playboy " and competed on the show " dancing with the stars " . the actress was born in florida .
a drum stick or drumstick is a wooden stick that is used to hit percussion instruments to make sound.there are many kinds of drumsticks . some sticks are made for certain instruments . for instance , a drum kit stick may look very different from a snare drum stick . weight , length , and tip size are all altering factors in a stick.some drums , such as bongo drums , use no drumstick .
louis réard ( 1897 – september 16 1984 ) ) was a french automobile engineer and clothing designer . he introduced the modern two - piece bikini in july 1946 . son of the owner of " folies bergères " in paris , he decided to radically change his sector of activity by inventing a swimsuit allowing girls to sunbathe without having to roll it up.réard afterwards opened a bikini shop in paris and sold swimsuits for 40 years .
thomas stephen chalmers ( 26 december 1935 – 29 april 2019 ) was a scottish footballer . he was born in glasgow . he played as a centre - forward . he is best known for scoring the winning goal for celtic in the 1967 european cup final . from 1964 to 1966 , he played for the national team.in 2017 , it was confirmed that chalmers had dementia . he died on 29 april 2019 , at the age of 83 .
lafayette is the fourth - largest city in the state of louisiana ( after new orleans , baton rouge and shreveport ) . the original name was vermilionville , as which it was founded around 1821 . the name " lafayette " comes from the name of a french military hero who fought alongside and aided the american army during american revolutionary war . in 2010 the population was over one hundred and twenty thousand . the city lies in lafayette parish .
delhi is a tobacco town in norfolk county , ontario , canada that has fewer than 5000 people . it has a public library , a convience store , a cemetery , a funeral home , various other stores , and a tobacco museum.the town also has a high school that has been threatened with closure numerous times by the school board for lack of attendance . children from this town participate in little league baseball , ice hockey , and competitive swimming .
cime du gélas ( ) is a high mountain on the boundary between france ( provence - alpes - côte d'azur region ) and italy ( province of cuneo ) . it is the highest peak of the mercantour national park ( ) and of the alpes - maritimes department , while on the italian side it is part of the maritime alps natural park ( " parco naturale delle alpi marittime " ) .
corfe castle is a small village and ruined castle dating back to the 11th century . it is in a gap in the purbeck hills , five miles south of wareham , in dorset , england.the oldest surviving structure on the castle site dates to the 11th century , although there are good reasons to suppose that there was a stronghold there before the norman conquest . edward the martyr was killed at the site on march 18 , 978 .
the black panther party or the bpp ( originally the black panther party for self - defense ) was a revolutionary black nationalist and socialist organization active in the united states from 1966 until 1982 , with international chapters operating in the united kingdom in the early 1970s , and in algeria from 1969 until 1972 . it was founded in 1966 by huey p. newton and bobby seale . founding members were newton , seale , bobby hutton , and elbert howard .
" when a man loves a woman " is a 1966 r & b song by percy sledge . the song hit # 1 on the u.s. " billboard " hot 100 chart . it also was # 1 on the r & b singles chart . the song was later performed by michael bolton in 1991 . his version won a grammy award . barbara mandrell recorded a country music version of this song , also in 1991 .
joão nílson zunino commonly known as zunino ( 9 april 1946 – 23 december 2014 ) was a brazilian businessman and cardiologist . he served as the president of avaí futebol clube from 2002 until 2013 , succeeding flávio ricardo félix . he was also a cardiology doctor and a businessman . he was born in são joão batista , brazil.zunino died on 23 december 2014 in florianópolis , brazil , aged 68 .
jeffrey dean morgan ( born april 22 , 1966 ) is an american actor . he is known for playing john winchester on " supernatural " , denny duquette on the medical drama " grey 's anatomy " , the comedian in the 2009 superhero movie " watchmen " , jason crouse on " the good wife " , and negan on " the walking dead " . morgan portrays thomas wayne in the dc extended universe beginning with " " ( 2016 ) .
ron moody ( born ronald moodnick ; 8 january 1924 – 11 june 2015 ) was a british actor , composer , singer and writer . he was known for his roles in " murder most foul " ( 1964 ) , " summer holiday " ( 1963 ) , " oliver ! " ( 1968 ) , and in " the twelve chairs " ( 1970 ) . he won a golden globe award for his role in " oliver ! " in 1968 .
francisco waldir pires de souza ( 21 october 1926 – 22 june 2018 ) was a brazilian politician . he served as minister of defence under president luiz inácio lula da silva , before being fired in 2007 . from 1987 to 1989 , he served as governor of bahia . he was born in acajutiba , brazil.pires died on 22 june 2018 in rio de janeiro of multiple organ failure at the age of 91 .
the quadrille was a type of social dance . it was a sequence dance , a lively dance by four couples arranged in the shape of a square . it became popular in france around 1760 . it became popular in england in 1813 . american square dancing is a later adaption of the quadrille . in australia , the bushranger ned kelly danced in a quadrille during the siege at glenrowan , victoria .
balkrishna vithaldas doshi , oal , ( born 26 august 1927 ) is an indian architect . his best known designs are iim bangalore , iim udaipur , nift delhi , amdavad ni gufa , cept university , and the aranya low cost housing development in indore.in 2018 , he became the first indian architect to receive the pritzker prize . he was also awarded the padma shri .
conrad ii ( c. 990 – june 4 , 1039 ) was the son of count henry of speyer and adelheid of alsace . he was elected king in 1024 and crowned emperor of the holy roman empire on march 26 , 1027 , the first emperor of the salian dynasty.during his reign , he proved that the german monarchy had become strong enough that it no longer depended on contracts between king and dukes alone .
gary cooper ( born frank james cooper may 7 , 1901 – may 13 , 1961 ) was an american movie actor who spent his career for thirty six years . cooper received five oscar nominations for best actor , and won it two times , in 1941 and 1952 . he also received an honorary award from the academy in 1961 . in 1999 , the american film institute named cooper among the greatest male stars of all time , ranking at no . 11 .
amrapur is a small village in jamnagar , gujarat , india.the road to it is from kalavad to ranuja , dhutarpur , summary , kharavedha , amrapur.amrapur is surrounded on three sides by a dam.most people there are farmers . some of them are connected with animal husbandry.mr vijaybhai borsadiya is currently surpanch of the village .
george dureau ( december 28 , 1930 – april 7 , 2014 ) was an american visual artist . his career lasted forty years . he was known for charcoal sketches and black and white photography . his work was often called homoerotic . he was born in new orleans , louisiana.dureau died from alzheimer 's disease on april 7 , 2014 at the walden healthcare center in kenner , louisiana . he was 84 years old .
the letter of jeremiah , also known as the epistle of jeremy . this is a deuterocanonical ( or apocryphal ) book of the old testament . the letter is believed to have been made by jeremiah to the people who were to be taken prisoner into babylon . it is included in catholic bibles as the last part of the book of baruch . it is also in orthodox bibles as a standalone book .
pasargad county ( ) is a county in fars province in iran . the capital of the county is saadat shahr.at the 2017 census , the county 's population was 30,116 , in 8,813 families . the county is subdivided into two districts : the central district and hakhamanish district . the county has two cities : saadat shahr and madar - e soleyman .
togiola talalelei a. tulafono ( born february 28 , 1947 ) is an american samoan politician and lawyer . he as the 56th governor of american samoa . he is a member of the democratic party.tulafono did not run for governor in 2012 as he was term - limited and could not seek a third consecutive term . he was an unsuccessful candidate for american samoa 's at - large congressional district in 2014 .
vancouver is a coastal city and major seaport on the mainland of southwestern british columbia , canada . the city has a population of over 630,000 and is the largest city in british columbia . metro vancouver has a population of over 2 million people . that makes it the third largest metropolitan area in canada . vancouver has a mix of people from different cultures . fifty - two percent of city residents have a first language that is not english .
yo no creo en los hombres ( english : " i do n't believe in men " ) is a mexican telenovela produced by giselle gonzález for televisa . it is based on " yo no creo en los hombres " ( 1991 ) , produced in méxico.alejandro camacho , adriana louvier and gabriel soto star in the series . flavio medina , azela robinson and rosa maría bianchi also star .
sylvester graham ( july 5 , 1794 – september 11 , 1851 ) was an american presbyterian minister and dietary reformer . he is known for his focus on vegetarianism , the temperance movement and eating whole grain bread . his preaching led to the creation of graham flour , graham bread and graham cracker products.graham was born in suffield , connecticut . he had native american roots . he died in northampton , massachusetts , at the age of 57 .
convenience food is a type of food . this kind of food has been made so it can save the consumers time to prepare it . usually such foods just need to be heated . they are designed for a long shelf life , so that they can stay in the store for a long time . one thing to remember is that you may have to pay for the convenience , as this food is often expensive.many people criticise these products , because :
hurricane cleo was an intense hurricane that happened in late august - early september 1964 . the highest winds speeds were measured at 140 miles per hour on 23 august . the storm went across guadeloupe and hispaniola , killing 214 . it later struck from southeastern florida to virginia . overall damage was just over $ 198 million in 1964 usd.due to high death count and severe damage , the name cleo was retired in the spring of 1965 .
the rules of attraction is a 2002 american satirical black comedy - drama movie . it stars james van der beek and jessica biel . this movie is based on the novel of the same name by bret easton ellis . it is about events at a fictional college in new hampshire . " the rules of attraction " was originally rated nc - 17 by the mpaa , although edits were performed by lionsgate so that the movie could get an r rating .
the bankstown bunker was a top secret royal australian air force base that was used during the second world war . during the war it was australia 's main air defence base . it is no longer in use . the bunker is buried underneath a public park in the suburb of condell park in the city of bankstown , which is in the state of new south wales , australia . it is still possible to go into the bunker through a secret passageway .
hypsilophodon was a small , fast - running , plant - eating dinosaur . it lived 125 million years ago , was 2.3 metres long ( 7/8 feet ) , including tail , and weighed about the same as a man.it was originally thought to be a young " iguanodon " which could climb trees . later it was realised to be a different species , and to be a running dinosaur , not adapted for climbing .
sandra dale " sandy " dennis ( april 27 , 1937 - march 2 , 1992 ) was an american actress . she received two tony awards for acting . she performed mostly in theater and movies . her most notable movies included " sweet november " ( 1968 ) , " the out - of - towners " ( 1970 ) and " the indian runner " . dennis was born in nebraska . she died of ovarian cancer in westport , connecticut .
anthroposophy is a philosophy founded by rudolf steiner . the philosophy teaches that through inner development a person can better know the spiritual world . " anthropos " is a greek word that means " human being " . " sophos " means " wise " . steiner believed every human being had the wisdom to understand the mysteries of existence . he left the german theosophical society in 1912 trading divine wisdom for human wisdom .
sir john grey gorton ( 9 september 1911 – 19 may 2002 ) was the 19th prime minister of australia . he was elected liberal party leader after harold holt was drowned . he was a fighter pilot during the second world war and had a battle scarred face . he said he was " australian to the bootheels " . bettina brown married gorton in 1935 . she died in 1983 . then , in 1993 , gorton married nancy home .
a hysterotomy abortion is a form of surgical abortion . in a hyterotomy abortion , the womb is opened , and the fetus is removed . this is similar to a caesarean section , but requires a smaller cut.this method has the greatest risk of complications out of all the abortion procedures . it is only used where other methods can or should not be done . it is used between the 12th and 24th week of pregnancy .
lake chaubunagungamaug , or lake webster is a lake in the united states . it is in the state of massachusetts . the lake is also known by the much shorter name of " webster lake " , but some people prefer the long name chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg , which is the native american name for the lake . the name is the longest place name in the united states .
exponentiating by squaring is an algorithm . it is used for quickly working out large integer powers of a number . it is also known as the square - and - multiply algorithm or binary exponentiation . it uses the binary expansion of the exponent . it is of quite general use , for example in modular arithmetic.the algorithm is believed to have first been documented in the sanskrit book " chandah - sûtra " , about 200 bc .
tomislav nikolić ( born 15 february 1952 ) is a serbian politician , a founder and former leader of serbian progressive party . he served as president of serbia from 2012 to 2017 . in may 2007 , he served briefly as the president of the national assembly of serbia . in 2008 , he founded the serbian progressive party ( српска напредна странка , " sns " ) , the biggest political party in serbia .
a culture hero is a person , usually a mythical or legendary person , who is believed to be the first one to do something . in greek mythology , for example , prometheus who stole fire from the gods and made it possible for humans to use it for cooking and other purposes . in chinese mythology , one culture hero is hou ji , a person with a human mother and a divine father , who discovered how to grow many crops and taught other humans about farming .
lyubomir lalov ivanov is a bulgarian mathematician , geographer , linguist and politician.chairman of the " mathematical logic " section at the institute of mathematics and informatics of the bulgarian academy of sciences ( 1990 - 2011 ) . chairman of the bulgarian antarctic place - names commission since 1994 , and national representative to the international committee on antarctic geographic information . president of the manfred wörner foundation since 1994 . chairman of the atlantic club in bulgaria ( 2001 – 2009 ) .
baitadi khalanga or baitadi is a town and the headquarters of the baitadi district in the mahakali zone of western nepal . according to the 1991 nepal census it had total population of 5,352 . there were 1,011 houses in the town . it shares an international border with uttarakhand , india . the two are separated by the mahakali river . this part of nepal is less developed than the eastern part of the country .
jesse royal carmichael ( born 2 april 1979 ) is an american musician , guitarist & keyboardist . he is best known as the secondary guitar player and keyboardist for the grammy award winning band " maroon 5 " . in 1994 , he joined with maroon 5 frontman adam levine and mickey madden , current bassist , and formed kara 's flowers . he recorded the debut album " songs about jane " with the rest of the band levine , madden , james valentine , and ryan dusick .
gemiliano " mel " campos lopez , jr. ( 1 september 1935 – 1 january 2017 ) was a filipino politician . he served as the mayor of manila from 1986 to 1987 and 1988 to 1992 . he was also an assemblyman of the batasang pambansa ( former parliament of the philippines ) from 1984 to 1986 . he was born in manila.lopez died from a heart attack on 1 january 2017 in quezon city . he was 81 .
smith county ( standard abbreviation : sm ) is a county in the u.s. state of kansas . in 2010 , 3,853 people lived there . its county seat is smith center . the county is named after maj. j. nelson smith , who was part of the 2nd colorado cavalry . he was killed in action at the battle of westport on october 21 , 1864 . the geographic center of the contiguous united states is in the county , near lebanon .
frösön ( frey 's island ; ; " fɾøːsœʏːa " in the local dialect , jamtlandic ) is the largest island in the lake of storsjön . it is located west of the town of östersund in sweden , sweden . on the island is the " frösö runestone " . that runestone is dated from 1030 - 1050 ad.the swedish composer wilhelm peterson - berger had a summerhouse on the island . in 1930 , he made it his permanent home .
margaret sanger ( september 14 , 1879 – september 6 , 1966 ) born margaret hennessy higgins , was the founder of planned parenthood . she was a leading birth control activist , feminist , nurse , and sex educator . her father was irish . she helped finance biologist gregory pincus 's creation of the birth control pill . she married twice , first to architect william sanger , then to j. noah slee , a south african born oil tycoon .
third - person shooter is a genre of video games in which the players character is seen from a distance . a first - person shooter is where the player plays as if they " are " the character . in a third person shooter the player " controls " the character . some examples of a third - person shooter are the grand theft auto series and mafia.for psp can also have socom fireteam bravo also with the syphon filter series with first person scope aim .
ilkka antero jouko sinisalo ( july 10 , 1958 – april 5 , 2017 ) was a finnish professional ice hockey forward . he was born in valkeakoski , finland.sinisalo played eleven seasons in the national hockey league ( nhl ) for the philadelphia flyers , minnesota north stars and los angeles kings . later he was a scout for the flyers.sinisalo died in helsinki , finland from prostate cancer on april 5 , 2017 , aged 58 .
miles per hour is a unit of measurement . it measures speed . it is the number of miles moved in an hour.miles per hour is the unit used for speed limits on roads in the united kingdom and the united states . it is normally abbreviated in everyday use to mph or mph . in technical publications it is sometimes abbreviated as mi / h.the si unit for velocity ( speed , with a direction of movement ) is m · s ( metres per second ) .
brazil sent people to compete at the 2018 winter paralympics in pyeongchang , south korea . the team included two men and one woman . two people competed in para-nordic skiing . one competed in para-snowboarding . aline rocha is the first woman to be part of the brazilian team at the winter paralympics . it is the second time brazil went to the winter paralympics . they first went in 2014 to the winter paralympics in sochi .
" there goes my baby " is a song by american singer usher . it was written by james scheffer , frank romano , danny morris , and rico love . it was produced by love and jim jonsin . it was released as a promotional recording for " raymond v. raymond " ( 2010 ) . it was released on february 9 , 2010 . the song won a grammy award for best male r & b vocal performance , at the 53rd grammy awards in 2011 .
els pelgrom ( born 2 april 1934 ) , pseudonym of else koch , is a dutch children 's writer . pelgrom is the only author to have received the gouden griffel award three times . she was born in arnhem , netherlands . her best known books are " de kinderen van het achtste woud " , " kleine sofie en lange wapper " and " de eikelvreters " .
the mid-continent oil field is a big area that has hundreds of oil fields in arkansas , kansas , louisiana , new mexico , oklahoma and texas . the area , which has various geological strata and diverse trap types , was discovered and used during the first half of the 20th century . most of the crude oil found in the onshore mid-continent oil field is the mixed base or intermediate type ( a mix of paraffin base and asphalt base crude oil types ) .
saint - étienne is a city in france , located southwest of lyon . it is the prefecture of the loire department in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region . it was first mentioned in 1258 as " sancti stephani de furanum " . from about the 14th century , the importance of the city grew due to the arms that were made there . jules massenet was born near saint - étienne.a.s . saint - étienne is a famous football club .
the institut aéronautique jean mermoz ( iajm ) is a french airline pilot school created in 1957 . it is in rungis , ile - de-francethe school is famous for its aviation books , published in french and also in english since 2016 , thanks to a cooperation with the french civil aviation university.the school is member of the international association of aviation personnel schools and is in partnership with the aerospace university ipsa to offer a double - degree msc in aviation / airline pilot .
toyota liteace and townace are commercial or passenger vehicles produced through toyota . these vehicles were first launched in 1970 and 1976 , respectively.in north america , the vehicles were called " toyota vans " . they were manufactured between the 1984 and 1989 model years . it was replaced in 1990 by the toyota previa in the united states . the previa was later replaced with toyota sienna in 1997 . toyota liteace and townace vehicles continue to be sold in other countries .
john alan lasseter ( born january 12 , 1957 ) is an american animator , movie director and the former chief creative officer at pixar and walt disney animation studios . he was also the principal creative advisor for walt disney imagineering . lasseter bought pixar from the late steve jobs . he eventually left pixar and disney due to allegations of sexual harassment . lasseter has been married to nancy lasseter since 1979 . he was born in hollywood , california .
james howard " jim " weaver ( born august 8 , 1927 ) is an american politician . he served as the democratic member of the united states house of representatives from oregon serving from january 3 , 1975 through january 3 , 1987 . weaver was born in brookings , north dakota . he enlisted in the united states navy at the age of seventeen and served in world war ii on an aircraft carrier in the pacific . weaver moved to oregon from iowa , in 1947 to attend the university of oregon .
count hubert james marcel taffin de givenchy ( 21 february 1927 – 10 march 2018 ) was a french fashion designer . he founded the house of givenchy in 1952 . he was famous for having designed much of the personal and professional wardrobe of audrey hepburn , as well as clothing for clients such as jacqueline kennedy . he was named to the international best dressed list hall of fame in 1970 . de givenchy died in his sleep at the renaissance chateau near paris on 10 march 2018 , aged 91 .
grains of selim is a spice . it is made from the seeds of the shrub " xylopia aethiopica " , found in africa . other names includekimba pepper , african pepper , moor pepper , negro pepper , kani pepper , kili pepper , sénégal pepper , ethiopian pepper and guinea pepper . the seeds have a musky flavor . very often they are used as a replacement for black pepper . the spice is sometimes confused with grains of paradise .
sharin yamano is a japanese manga artist . he is well known for his books , " manga kenkanryu " ( hate korea wave ) and " manga kenchogokuryu " ( hate china wave ) . he is thought to be anti-korean and anti-chinese , but the detail of his profile is not known well . in his mangas , yamano says that koreans and chinese must thank the japanese , japanese are very special people in asia .
lucio urtubia jiménez ( 18 february 1931 – 18 july 2020 ) was a spanish anarchist . he was known for his anarchism . he was compared to robin hood . urtubia carried out bank robberies and forgeries throughout the 1960s and 1970s . in the words of albert boadella , " lucio is a quijote that did not fight against wind mills , but against a true giant " . urtubia died on july 18 , 2020 , aged 89 .
mark justin roiland ( born february 21 , 1980 ) is an american actor , writer , television director , and producer , best known as the voice of oscar on " fish hooks " , as well as the earl of lemongrab on " adventure time " . he is also the co-creator and executive producer of " rick and morty " , in which he voices the series ' main characters . roiland voiced the delicious one in the 2d - animated commercials of wienerschnitzel .
john robert lewis ( february 21 , 1940 – july 17 , 2020 ) was an american politician and civil rights leader . he was the u.s. representative for from 1987 until his death in 2020 . he was the dean of the georgia congressional delegation . he was a member of the democratic party.lewis , who as chairman of the student nonviolent coordinating committee ( sncc ) was one of the " big six " leaders of groups who organized the 1963 march on washington .
dark souls is an action rpg made by hidetaka miyazaki and fromsoftware . it is the sequel to " demon 's souls " . the game is very similar to its prequel , but there were also many changes made . " dark souls " became successful and fromsoftware made had two sequels and two spiritual successors , " bloodborne " and . the game became so popular that other video game companies made high difficulty action rpg 's similar to " dark souls " .
son heung - min ( hangul : 손흥민 [ sʰon hɯŋmin ] ; born 8 july 1992 ) is a south korean soccer player . he is now in the english premier league at tottenham hotspur f.c. . son is a forward who plays both as a winger and a striker . he played in the bundesliga for hamburger sv and bayer leverkusen . son is also a key player on the south korean national team . he played in the 2014 fifa world cup .
amy lynn carter ( born october 19 , 1967 ) is the daughter of former u.s. president jimmy carter and rosalynn carter.carter later became known for her political activism . she participated in a number of sit - ins and protests during the 1980s and early 1990s that were aimed at changing u.s. foreign policy towards south african apartheid and central america.carter illustrated " the little baby snoogle - fleejer " , her father 's book for children , published in 1995 .
imre kertész ( 9 november 1929 – 31 march 2016 ) was a hungarian author . he was a holocaust concentration camp survivor . he wrote his autobiographical roman " fatelessness " . in 2002 , he won the nobel prize in literature , " for writing that upholds the fragile experience of the individual against the barbaric arbitrariness of history " . he was born in budapest , hungary.kertész died in budapest , hungary from complications of parkinson 's disease on 31 march 2016 , aged 86 .
elkin fernando ramírez zapata ( 26 october 1962 – 29 january 2017 ) was a colombian singer - songwriter . he was best known as the lead singer of the rock band kraken . he was also a member to bands such as kripzy ( 1981 – 1982 ) and ferrotrack ( 1983 – 1984 ) . he joined kraken in 1985 . he was born in medellín , antioquia.ramírez died from brain cancer on 29 january 2017 in medellín . he was 54 .
harun farocki ( january 9 , 1944 - july 30 , 2014 ) was a german filmmaker.farocki was born in neutitschein , sudetenland.he has made over 90 movies , most of them were documentaries . farocki studied at the deutsche film - und fernsehakademie berlin from 1966 to 1968 . he was a teacher at the university of california , berkeley from 1993 to 1999 . farocki died in berlin from an illness , aged 70 .
ringgold wilmer lardner ( march 6 , 1885 – september 25 , 1933 ) was an american sports columnist and short story writer best known for his satirical takes on the sports world , marriage , and the theatre.lardner was born in niles , michigan . he died of tuberculosis in east hampton , new york.his son ring lardner jr was a screenwriter who was banned from hollywood in the 1950s for his communist beliefs . he later won an academy award for writing the film mash .
kamer genç ( february 23 , 1940 – january 22 , 2016 ) was a turkish politician . he is of zaza origin . he was a member of parliament as a member of the republican people 's party in the 18th , 19th , and 23rd election cycles , and in the 20th and 21st as a member of the true path party . he was born in nazımiye , tunceli province.genç died of cancer in istanbul , turkey on january 22 , 2016 at the age of 75 .
air jordan is a type or brand of basketball shoes produced by nike , inc. since 1984 . in the name “ air ” means air cushion technology . “ jordan ” means michael jordan who is an nba basketball player . also , “ air jordan ” or mj is a nickname of michael jordan . there have been many styles of air jordan shoes and it has been selling over the past 20 years.they are proven to be expensive at some retailers and can get dirty easily as per their white color
tanuja mukherjee , popularly known as tanuja , ( born 23 spetember 1943 ) is an indian movie actress . she is the mother of kajol and tanisha . she is known for her roles in " baharen phir bhi aayengi " ( 1966 ) , " jewel thief " , " haathi mere saathi " ( 1971 ) , and " anubhav " ( 1971 ) . tanuja was born in bombay , bombay presidency , british india .
benjamin franklin ( january 17 , 1706 – april 17 , 1790 ) was an american statesman and scientist . he has also been known as " the first american " . he was a very important person in the american revolution and helped make the thirteen colonies one nation . as a leader of the enlightenment , he influenced european scientists . he even was the first thing many europeans associated with america at the time . his successful diplomacy in france was an important factor in the united states ' win over great britain .
malcolm " simmo " simmons ( 20 march 1946 – 25 may 2014 ) was an english speedway rider . he was a member of the poole pirates , based in poole . he won the speedway world team cup three times ( 1974 , 1975 , 1977 ) and the speedway world pairs championship also three times ( 1976 , 1977 , 1978 ) . simmons was born in tonbridge , kent . he was married to june.simmons died from emphysema on 25 may 2014 in kent , aged 68 .
software engineering is a field of engineering , for designing and writing programs for computers or other electronic devices . a software engineer , or programmer , writes software ( or changes existing software ) and compiles software using methods that improve it . better quality software is easier to use . better documentation helps other people understand and maintain it and add new features . becoming a software engineer requires experience and practice writing code . software engineering may be very difficult work . it may be repeated during the software release life cycle .
valdir joaquim de moraes ( 23 november 1931 – 11 january 2020 ) was a brazilian football player and manager . he played as a goalkeeper.de moraes was born in porto alegre , rio grande do sul . from 1958 to 1969 , he played for palmeiras and won many honours . he also played for the brazil national team five times between 1956 and 1965 . de moraes died of multiple organ failure on 11 january 2020 in porto alegre . he was 88 .
alexander gennadevitch mogilny ( born february 18 , 1969 ) is a russian retired professional ice hockey right winger . he played 17 seasons in the national hockey league ( nhl ) with the buffalo sabres , new jersey devils , toronto maple leafs and vancouver canucks organizations . he won a gold medal at the 1988 winter olympics with the soviet union hockey team . he won a stanley cup in 2000 with the devils . he was named a member of the buffalo sabres hall of fame on january 1 , 2011 .
an electron hole ( often simply called a hole ) is the absence or lack of an electron where an electron would normally be in an atom . because electrons are negative and their charges are balanced by the positive protons , electron holes are positive in charge . electron holes are not particles , they are classified as quasiparticles . electron holes are different to positrons , which are the antiparticle to the electron . when electrons change energy levels , they leave an electron hole in their place .
culgoa river is a river in the south west queensland district of queensland and the orana district of new south wales , australia.the river is the western branch of the balonne river in southern queensland , near dirranbandi . it flows southwest across parts of the darling riverine plains . the river is joined by ten tributaries . it flows into the darling river near bourke , new south wales.culgoa is an aboriginal word meaning " running through " or " returning " .
cecilia caballero blanco ( 30 september 1913 – 13 august 2019 ) was the widow of the 24th president of colombia , alfonso lópez michelsen , and served as first lady of colombia from 1974 to 1978 . caballero blanco was born on 30 september 1913 in bogotá . she married alfonso lópez michelsen on 23 october 1938 . they had three children : alfonso , juan manuel , and felipe.caballero blanco turned 100 in september 2013 . she died on 13 august 2019 in bogotá at the age of 105 .
the ruy lopez , also called the " spanish opening " , is an ancient chess opening . it is named after the spanish clerk ruy lopez who invented the method . these are the opening moves : the ruy lopez is one of the most common and well liked openings , with many ways to play it . it has always been popular in master chess . something to know about it is that it does not threaten the black e5 pawn : for this reason white usually plays a longer - term strategy , starting
northerly island is a man - made peninsula along chicago 's lakefront.the site of the adler planetarium , northerly island connects to the mainland through a narrow isthmus along solidarity drive made - up by neoclassical sculptures of kościuszko , havliček and copernicus . with the demolition of meigs field airport , it is now a part of the museum campus and has been made into parkland.a semi-temporary concert venue , the huntington bank pavilion occupies part of the site of the former airport .
lingerie is a term for women 's underclothes . in advertising , it suggests fashionable and alluring undergarments . materials include silk , cotton , polyester , satin , nylon and lace.the 20th century brought big changes in women 's underwear . the idea of lingerie as a visually appealing undergarment was developed in the late nineteenth century by lady duff - gordon of ' lucile ' . she was a pioneer in developing lingerie that freed women from more restrictive corsets .
bo derek ( born mary cathleen collins , november 20 , 1956 in long beach , california ) , is an american actress . she was coordinated by spouse john derek in fantasies , tarzan , the ape man ( both 1981 ) , bolero ( 1984 ) and ghosts ca n't do it ( 1989 ) , all of which got negative surveys . a widow since 1998 , she lives with entertainer john corbett . presently in semi-retirement , she makes periodic film , tv , and narrative appearances .
sts - 122 is the name of the 121st flight of the space shuttle , taking seven people into outer space to visit the international space station . the flight delivered a module to the space station , called " columbus " . the space shuttle " atlantis " carried the module . the flight started at 19:45 utc , on 7 february 2008 , from the kennedy space center in florida . the flight ended on 20 february , at 14:07 utc , when the shuttle went back to the kennedy space center .
the uses and gratifications theory is a theory by blumer and katz . it states that different people watch television and movies for different reasons.there may be somebody who will watch a romantic comedy so that they can put themselves in the shoes of the characters and feel love . somebody may watch " breaking bad " so that they can join in with social conversation relating to that topic . it may be said that you would watch a television for escapism so that you forget the stress or normal life .
albert dominique ebossé bodjongo dika ( 6 october 1989 – 23 august 2014 ) was a cameroonian soccer player who played for js kabylie in the algerian ligue professionnelle 1 . on 23 august 2014 albert was struck by a projectile thrown by a fan just hours after a matchup between his home team js kabylie and usm alger . the match had ended in a 2 - 1 defeat and the cameroonian died of head injury due to the strike . he was aged 24 .
, also romanized as gumpei yokoi , was a video game designer for nintendo . he created the game boy and the produced the " metroid " series of video games . he was also the mentor to shigeru miyamoto . yokoi 's last invention , the virtual boy , was not a success . he left nintendo and started a company called koto laboratory . his main product idea at this company was the wonderswan , which came out in 1999 , two years after he died .
the sea of okhotsk is a marginal sea of the western pacific ocean . it is between the kamchatka peninsula on the east , the kuril islands on the southeast , the island of hokkaidō to the south , the island of sakhalin along the west , and a long stretch of eastern siberian coast ( including the shantar islands ) along the west and north . the northeast corner is shelikhov gulf . it is named after okhotsk , the first russian town in the far east .
outokumpu is a city in north karelia , finland . it had almost 7,300 people living there in january 2014 . the municipalities next to it are heinävesi , kaavi , liperi , polvijärvi and tuusniemi.the municipality was previously called " kuusjärvi " until 1968 . a deep hole was drilled near here between 2004 and 2005 . the hole is 2,516 meters deep and its diameter is 22 cm . it was made for reseach purposes by the russian company nedra .
kevin michael " gg " allin ( born jesus christ allin ; august 29 , 1956 – june 28 , 1993 ) was an american punk rock singer . he made music with many bands . he was known for his stage antics that often featured transgressive acts . this included coprophagia , self - mutilation , and attacking audience members . he was called " the most spectacular degenerate in rock & roll history " by g4tv 's " that 's tough " .
hypothyroidism is a medical condition . if a person has hypothyroidism , their thyroid gland does not make enough hormones . it can be caused by many factors , but it is more common when a person has insufficient iodine . severe hypothyroidism in infants can result in cretinism.symptoms of hypothyroidism include the following : tiredness , headaches , weight gain , dry skin , constipation , and poor concentration .
anthony dean rodham ( august 8 , 1954 – june 7 , 2019 ) was an american consultant and businessman . he was the youngest brother of hillary rodham clinton , and the brother - in - law of former u.s. president bill clinton.during the hillary clinton presidential campaign , 2016 , he and hugh appeared with her at a rally in their childhood summer home of scranton , pennsylvania in april 2016 . he kept a low profile during the campaign.rodham died on june 7 , 2019 at the age of 64 .
george zuverink ( august 20 , 1924 – september 8 , 2014 ) was an american professional baseball player . he was a right - handed pitcher over parts of eight major league baseball seasons ( 1951 - 52 , 1954 - 59 ) with the cleveland indians , cincinnati redlegs , detroit tigers and baltimore orioles . he was born in holland , michigan.zuverink died in tempe , arizona from complications from pneumonia caused by a fractured hip he suffered from a fall in may 2014 . he was 90 years old .
richard hugh lynch ( february 12 , 1940 – june 19 , 2012 ) was an irish - american actor best known for playing villains in movies and television . he often appeared in science fiction productions , including " battlestar galactica " ( as wolfe ) and its sequel series " galactica 1980 " ( as commander xaviar ) . he also appeared in such shows as " starsky and hutch " , " t. j. hooker " , " the a-team " , " charmed " and " " .
tropical storm jerry was a weak tropical storm of the very active 1995 atlantic hurricane season . even though jerry was weak , jerry caused 8 deaths and $ 40 million in damage . jerry made landfall in jupiter , florida and dixie county , florida . jerry was active with four other cyclones in the atlantic ocean : humberto , iris , luis , and karen . because there was not much damage , the name " jerry " was not retired and was used again in 2001 and 2007 , the name will also be used again in 2013 .
" ai n't nobody " is a song by the american soul music group rufus and singer chaka khan . it was released in september 1983 as the lead single from the group 's live album , " stompin ' at the savoy " . it was written by david " hawk " wolinski and produced by russ titelman . it became a signature song for both rufus and khan.the song reached number 22 on the hot 100 in the us and reached number one on the r & b chart .
reincarnation is the name of the idea that people are born again in another body after they die and this cycle continues over many lifetimes . rebirth or " transmigration " is the preferred term for those believers who do not believe in eternal souls . many hindus , jainists , celtic pagans , buddhists , and people who follow some african religions believe in reincarnation or rebirth / transmigration . carnate means “ of flesh ” , and reincarnate means to “ reenter the flesh " .
kari peter conrad von bagh ( 29 august 1943 – 17 september 2014 ) was a finnish movie historian , writer and director . he worked as the head of the finnish film archive and directed many movie festivals . he was the editor - in - chief of " filmihullu " magazine.from 2001 until his death , he had been the artistic director of the il cinema ritrovato in bologna , italy . in 2004 , he was a member of the jury in the competition category of the cannes film festival .
men behind the sun ( , literally meaning " black sun : 731 " ) is a 1988 war - based horror movie . when it was released , the movie was rated iii under the hong kong rating system ( similar to the united states mpaa rating nc - 17 ) . the movie is about world war ii with graphic materials . it was banned in some countries.in australia , it was refused classification . it was later rerated r18 on appeal.in the united states , the movie was released without a rating .
steven donald dalachinsky ( september 29 , 1946 – septemeber 16 , 2019 ) was an american poet . he was from new york city.he was a 2014 recipient of a chevalier de l'ordre des arts et des lettres , received the franz kafka prize , acker award , pen oakland / josephine miles literary award and was nominated for a 2015 pushcart prize.dalachinsky died of a stroke on september 16 , 2019 at a hospital in long island , new york at the age of 72 .
jack costanzo ( september 24 , 1919 – august 18 , 2018 ) was an american percussionist , dancer , composer , bandleader and actor . he was born in chicago , illinois . costanzo was known for his works with marlon brando , rita moreno and for his appearances on " the ed sullivan show " . costanzo formed his own band in the 1950s which recorded and toured internationally.costanzo died of complications from an aneurysm at his home in lakeside , california on august 18 , 2018 , aged 98 .
challakere kareem jaffer sharief ( 3 november 1933 – 25 november 2018 ) was an indian politician . he was one of the senior most indian national congress leaders . he was the railways minister of the government of india from 1991 until 1995 when p. v. narasimha rao was prime minister . he was a member of lok sabha from 1971 to 1996 and again from 1998 to 2004 . sharief died at the age of 85 in bengaluru from a heart attack on november 25 , 2018 .
richard " rich " buckler ( february 6 , 1949 – may 19 , 2017 ) was an american comic book artist and penciller . he was best known for his work on marvel comics ' " fantastic four " in the mid-1970s and for creating the character deathlok in " astonishing tales " # 25 . buckler drew virtually every major character at marvel and dc , often as a cover artist . he was born in detroit , michigan.buckler died on may 20 , 2017 of cancer at the age of 68 .
brendan halligan ( 5 july 1936 – 9 august 2020 ) was an irish economist and politician . he was founder and president of the institute of international and european affairs ( iiea ) . he was president of the ireland china institute.he was also a board member of mainstream renewable power . he was general secretary of the labour party , a teachta dála ( td ) , a senator , and a member of the european parliament ( mep ) . he was born in dublin.he died on 9 august 2020 , aged 84 .
precision m3800 on pc maker for % 1bmichael saul dell ( born february 23 , 1965 ) is an american businessman . he created the computer technology company dell . he was added as the 41st richest person in the world . dell has about $ 19.9 billion dollars.dell was born on february 23 , 1965 in houston , texas . he was born to a jewish family . dell dropped out from the university of texas at austin . dell married susan lieberman in 1989 . they have four children .
khufu was a pharaoh ( or leader ) of ancient egypt 's old kingdom . he was the pharaoh of egypt from around 2589 to 2566 b.c.e . khufu was the second pharaoh of the fourth dynasty . he is also thought to be the one who built the great pyramid of giza , one of the seven wonders of the ancient world . khufu 's full name was " khnum - khufu " which means " the god khnum protects me . "
meir einstein ( ; 21 october 1951 – 23 march 2017 ) was a israeli sports broadcaster . he was born in herzliya , israel.einstein began his career as a news anchor at kol yisrael . he later began to broadcast sports events in all areas of the sports department of channel 10 . he was the main broadcaster on the sports channels of charlton ltd. . einstein died on 23 march 2017 in jerusalem from complications of muscular dystrophy ( disease that weakens the skeletal system ) , aged 65 .
nyarlathotep is the god of nightmares and chaos in the cthulhu mythos , a fictional universe . it has many forms.it is one of the oldest beings within the mythos , along with yog - sothoth and shub - niggurath.unlike most other mythos beings , nyarlathotep enjoys interacting with humans ( and other helpless critters ) and then driving them mad . it is also credited with giving humans the atomic bomb , with hopes that humanity kills itself off .
kitzbühel is a small medieval town in tyrol , austria . it is the administrative center of the kitzbühel district ( " bezirk " ) . about 8,000 people are living there ( 2016 ) . it is in the kitzbühel alps along the river kitzbüheler ache and about 100 km ( 62 mi ) east of the state capital innsbruck.kitzbühel is a ski resort of international renown and its ski season lasts from mid october to early may . during winter and early spring it is frequented primarily by upper - class clientele from austria and from abroad .
jeremiah andrew denton , jr. ( july 15 , 1924 – march 28 , 2014 ) was a united states aviator and rear admiral , and also a united states senator . he spent almost eight years as a prisoner of war ( pow ) in north vietnam during the vietnam war . he later wrote a book which became a movie about those experiences . he was born in mobile , alabama.denton died from complications of a heart ailment on march 28 , 2014 at a hospice in virginia beach , virginia . he was 89 years old .
amsterdam airport schiphol ( ) is the netherlands ' main international airport , it is 20 minutes southwest of amsterdam . the airport 's english name is amsterdam airport schiphol . the airport had an iata name of spl , but is now ams.the airport is the main airport for klm , arkefly , corendon dutch airlines , martinair and transavia . the airport is also the main european airport for delta air lines . it is the 4th busiest airport in europe and the 12th busiest in the world .
a listed building , in the united kingdom , is a building that has been placed on the statutory list of buildings of special architectural or historic interest . this is a list of buildings that are important in terms of architecture , history , or culture . there are many buildings on this list . in the uk , there are about 500,000 listed buildings.in england and wales , there are three kinds of listed buildings : there used to be a fourth kind of listed building : grade iii . this type has not been used since 1970 .
alexisonfire was a canadian post-hardcore band from st. catharines , ontario . alexisonfire had six members in the band ; they were george pettit , chris steele , wade macneil , dallas green , jesse ingelevics and jordan " ratbeard " hastings . the band was formed in 2001 by the band members from condemning salemn , helicon blue and plan 9 . they released their self - titled first album on september 9 , 2002 . alexisonfire split up in 2011 .
game & wario is a party video game in the " wario " series released for the wii u game console . it was developed by nintendo software planning & development and published by nintendo . it was released in japan on march 28 , 2013 , in north america on june 23 , 2013 , and in europe on june 28 , 2013 . the game has 16 minigames which are played with the wii u gamepad . some minigames are single - player games , while others are multiplayer games that can be played with up to five players .
disney television animation ( dtva ) is the television animation production arm of the disney channels worldwide dedicated to creating , developing and producing animated television series , films , specials and other projects.made in 1984 during the reorganization and was brought back in to the walt disney company following the arrival of then - disney ceo michael eisner , it was known as the walt disney pictures television animation group , the name was then changed and shortened to walt disney television animation starting in 1987 and was its name up until 2011 , when it has been shortened again to disney television animation .
john harry hampshire ( 10 february 1941 – 1 march 2017 ) , also known as jack hampshire , was an english cricketer and umpire . he played eight tests and three one day internationals ( odis ) for england between 1969 and 1975 . he played first - class cricket for yorkshire from 1961 to 1981 , and for derbyshire from 1982 to 1984 . overseas , he was a successful captain of tasmania in the period before the state was included in the sheffield shield . < he was also appointed president of yorkshire county cricket club in 2016 , serving until his death .
neil mcdermott ( born 15 december 1980 ) is a english stage and television actor . he is best known for portraying ryan malloy in the bbc television soap opera " eastenders " . mcdermott appeared in the 2008 " doctor who " episode " the next doctor " , as well as " casualty " and " rosemary and thyme " , amongst others , the feature movies " goal ! " and " blooded " , and various stage productions including " the sound of music " in the west end . he trained at the mountview academy of theatre arts .
leon bibb ( february 7 , 1922 – october 23 , 2015 ) was an american folk singer . he grew up in kentucky , studied voice in new york , and worked on broadway . his career began when he became a featured soloist of the louisville municipal college glee club as a student . he was known for performing at " hootenanny " , on " the ed sullivan show " and performed with bill cosby on tours.he lived in vancouver , british columbia in canada since 1969 . he died in vancouver at the age of 93 .
shandong luneng taishan football club ( chinese : 山东鲁能泰山 ; traditional chinese : 山東魯能泰山 ; pinyin : " shāndōng lǔnéng tàishān " ) is a chinese professional association football club based in jinan , shandong , china . the club currently plays in the chinese super league . shandong luneng taishan also plays in the jinan olympic sports center stadium ( which has a seating capacity of 56,808 people ) . the club was formed professionally on 2 december 1993 and was previously called the shandong provincial team . the club has since won many domestic titles .
the secretary of state for exiting the european union ( or brexit secretary ) is a united kingdom cabinet post . the holder of this office is in charge of the united kingdom leaving the european union.the office was held by david davis from july 2016 until july 2018 . following davis ' resignation , dominic raab was appointed brexit secretary . when raab resigned in november 2018 , stephen barclay was appointed as secretary of state.the position was created in 2016 by the new prime minister theresa may after the uk voted to leave the european union .
al jazeera ( in arabic : الجزيرة al - jazi ' yra ) is an arabic - language television channel from doha , qatar . al jazeera means " the island " in arabic . it is named that way because it claims to be the only independent news network in the middle east . at first it was a satellite tv channel which broadcast in arabic only . now there is also a channel in english , a sports channel , a conference channel , a documentary channel and a children 's channel .
dwijen sharma ( may 29 , 1929 – september 15 , 2017 ) was a bangladeshi naturalist and science writer . he was awarded bangla academy award in 1987 and ekushey padak in 2015 by the government of bangladesh for his work in language and literature.in 1962 he left barisal to join the faculty of notre dame college , dhaka and worked until 1974 . then , he moved to moscow to work for progress publishers as a translator.sharma died of kidney disease on september 15 , 2017 in dhaka , bangladesh at the age of 88 .
reece daniel thompson ( born november 22 , 1988 ) is a canadian actor and voice actor . thompson started his acting career as a child actor by voice acting in several animated television series and minor roles on television shows before transitioning to movies . his first major role came in the 2007 movie " rocket science " . thompson appeared in 2009 's " assassination of a high school president " with mischa barton and bruce willis , and in " afterwards " . also in 2012 , he appeared as craig in " the perks of being a wallflower " .
epistemology is the philosophy of knowledge . it seeks to answer the questions " what is knowledge ? " and " how is knowledge acquired ? " epistemologists are philosophers who are interested in questions such as whether it is possible to have knowledge , what kind of knowledge there is , and how people come to know things.one of the first philosophers to make a clear statement on these questions was xenophanes ( 570 – 470 bc ) . the following saying was , and still is , famous : this is an early kind of skepticism .
the mulde is a river in central germany . it is formed when the " zwickauer mulde " and the " freiberger mulde " coming from the erzgebirge meet near colditz . it runs on through the saxon towns grimma , wurzen and eilenburg to dessau in saxony - anhalt . the river flows three kilometers north of dessau into the elbe river.the mulde has a length of 124 kilometers and is one of the fastest rivers in central europe . it is not navigable .
madeline kahn ( september 29 , 1942 - december 3 , 1999 ) was an american actress . she was known mainly for her comic roles in moviess such as " paper moon " , " young frankenstein " , " blazing saddles " , " what 's up , doc ? , " and " clue " . she made a guest appearance on " the carol burnett show " and the " cosby show " . she was born in boston , massachusetts . she moved to new york city during her early childhood and died of ovarian cancer there .
the investiture controversy , also known as the lay investiture controversy , was the most important conflict between secular and religious powers in medieval europe . it began as a dispute in the 11th century between the holy roman emperor henry iv and pope gregory vii . the question was who would control appointments of bishops ( investiture ) . the controversy led to many years of bitterness and nearly fifty years of civil war in germany . this war ended with the triumph of the great dukes and abbots , and the falling apart of the german empire in the end .
patrick james " pat " riley ( born march 20 , 1945 ) is an american basketball coach and player in the national basketball association ( nba ) . he has been the team president of the miami heat since 1995 and head coach on two separate tenures ( 1995 through 2003 , and 2005 through 2008 ) . when he was a basketball player , he played for the san diego rockets , los angeles lakers and the phoenix suns.riley was born in rome , new york , but raised in schenectady , new york . he studied at the university of kentucky .
the battle of valverde was an american civil war battle fought from february 20 to february 21 , 1862 . it was fought near the present day town of valverde , new mexico . this town was at a ford across the rio grande river in what was at the time confederate arizona . the battle was a major success in the new mexico campaign of the southern states . the confederate cavalry from texas and several companies of arizona militia fought union army regulars and union volunteers from northern new mexico and colorado . colonel kit carson commanded the 1st new mexico ( union ) infantry .
crack cocaine ( or just crack ) is an illegal drug which is made from cocaine . cocaine is mostly an illegal drug that comes from the leaves of a plant called coca . when people smoke crack , they have a feeling called " being high . " the name " crack " comes from the cracking sound the drug makes as it is smoked . the cracking sound is caused by evaporating water escaping . in most parts of the world , production ( making crack ) , possession ( having crack ) , and distribution ( selling or giving away crack ) are illegal .
david jonathon shulkin ( born june 22 , 1959 ) is an american physician and politician . shulkin was the 9th united states secretary of veterans affairs from february 14 , 2017 to march 28 , 2018 . he served as under secretary of health for the u.s. department of veterans affairs . he was nominated by president barack obama on march 18 , 2015 and sworn in on july 6 , 2015 . on january 11 , 2017 , president - elect donald trump announced that he will nominate shulkin to serve as united states secretary of veterans affairs .
anouk teeuwe ( [ aːˈnuk ˈteːuʋə ] ; born 8 april 1975 ) , professionally known by the mononym anouk , is a dutch singer - songwriter and record producer . after her breakthrough in 1997 with the single " nobody 's wife " , she had hit singles in the dutch and belgian charts . her songs include " r u kiddin ' me " , " michel " , " girl " , " lost " , " modern world " , " three days in a row " , and " woman " .
yui , is a japanese musician . she was born 26 march 1987 in fukuoka , japan . she is signed to sony music records japan . she sings , and plays the guitar , keyboard and electric guitar , although she usually performs with only an acoustic guitar . she started in a japanese movie released on 17 june 2006 titled ' taiyō no uta ' ( a song to the sun ) . she is popular with young girls , but she decided to stop her music activity as yui in 2012 . it means she carry on her music work but not yui .
james dean waite ( born april 15 , 1969 in sherbrooke , quebec ) is a canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.he was drafted with the 8th overall pick in the 1987 nhl draft by the chicago blackhawks . in 1989 , he played for the indianapolis ice and they won the turner cup . he played in the nhl for 11 years with the chicago blackhawks , san jose sharks and phoenix coyotes . he has also played in the del for the essen mosquitoes , iserlohn roosters , erc ingolstadt and thomas sabo ice tigers .
the united national independence party ( unip ) is a political party in zambia . it governed the country from 1964 to 1991 . this was under president kenneth kaunda . it was the only party allowed to exist in zambia between 1973 and 1991 . the party was founded in october 1959 after the zambian african national congress ( zanc ) was banned . it was first led by mainza chona , because kaunda , who was leader of the zanc , had been imprisoned . kaunda became the party 's leader when he was released in january 1960 .
geordie shore is a british reality television series . it is broadcast on mtv . geordie shore is based in newcastle upon tyne . it was first broadcast on 24 may 2011 . geordie shore is the british version of the american show " jersey shore " . " geordie " is the regional nickname and dialect given to the people of the tyneside area of north east england . it is closely associated with the city of newcastle upon tyne where the show is set . however the show includes cast members from various parts of north east england .
" money " is a song by the english progressive rock band pink floyd . the song was on their 1973 album " the dark side of the moon " . it was written by their bassist / co-lead singer roger waters , and it was the first song on the second side of the original album . money is the only song on the album to enter the top 20 on the " billboard " hot 100 . " money " is noted for its unusual 7/4 – 4/4 time signature , and the sounds of money - related objects that begins the song .
elegy for brahms is a short orchestral work . it was written by hubert parry in 1897 . it is in the key of a minor , and is marked " maestoso espressivo - largamente - tempo primo " . the work quotes brahms 's music in several places.it was first performed after parry 's death in october 1918 at a memorial concert for him at the royal college of music on 8 november 1918 . it received its second performance in 1977 . it has been recorded by sir adrian boult and matthias bamert .
harry burnett " h . b . " reese ( may 24 , 1879 – may 16 , 1956 ) was an american inventor . he was best known for creating reese 's peanut butter cups and founding the h. b. reese candy company.he was born in york county , pennsylvania . he was of welsh ancestry . he married blanche edna reese ( née hyson ) on august 1 , 1900 . by 1928 , the couple had sixteen children.reese died from a heart attack on may 16 , 1956 in west palm beach , florida . he was 76 .
this is the calendar for any common year starting on thursday , january 1 ( dominical letter d ) . examples include years 1970 , 1981 , 1987 , 1998 , 2009 , 2015 and 2026 in the gregorian calendar , or 2010 and 2021 in the julian calendar ( see bottom tables ) . this is the only common year with three occurrences of friday the 13th , in february , march and november.a common year is a year with 365 days , i.e . not a leap year.this kind of year has 53 weeks in the iso 8601 week - day format .
karaikudi is a municipality in sivaganga district in the indian state of tamil nadu . it is a part of the area commonly referred to as " chettinadu " and has been declared a heritage town by the government of tamil nadu.as of 2011 , the city had a population of 106,714 . roadways are the major mode of transportation to karaikudi and the nearest airport is madurai airport , located away from the city.the average literacy of the town was 81.48 % , compared to the national average of 72.99 % .
don laws ( may 30 , 1929 – december 2 , 2014 ) was an american figure skater and coach . laws competed in single skating and ice dancing . with his ice dancing partner , mary firth , he won the u.s. junior title in 1948 . laws was born in washington , d . c. . in men 's singles , he won the 1950 u.s. junior title and placed seventh at the 1951 world championships in milan , italy . he was coached by osborne colson.laws died of heart failure in sandy springs , maryland , aged 85 .
isaiah firebrace ( born 21 november 1999 ) is an australian singer . he won the eighth season of " the x factor australia " in 2016 . he then represented his country at the eurovision song contest in 2017 with the song " do n't come easy " . he finished 9th in the contest . in 2016 , he released his first studio album , " isaiah " . it peaked at number 12 on the aria charts.firebrace was born in portland , victoria . he grew up in moama , new south wales . he is an indigenous australian .
the chloralkali process is a process used to create sodium hydroxide , chlorine , and hydrogen from sodium chloride and water . it is normally conducted in a tank separated by a membrane , although there are other methods , such as using mercury . if potassium chloride or calcium chloride is used instead , potassium hydroxide and calcium hydroxide are produced . when the membrane is not in place , hypochlorites are formed . if it is heated , chlorates are formed.the process is fueled by electrolysis . it can be done in the laboratory .
there are 5 arrondissements in the puy - de-dôme department . the french departments , and in other countries , are divided into " arrondissements " , which may be translated into english as districts ( in some cases , as boroughs ) . the capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.if the prefecture ( capital ) of the department is in an arrondissement , that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement , acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.arrondissements are further divided into communes.the 5 arrondissements of puy - de-dôme are :
samobor is a city in zagreb county , croatia , population 36,206 it is west of zagreb , between the eastern slopes of samoborsko gorje ( samobor hills , the eastern part of the žumberak mountains ) , in the sava river valley . it is part of the zagreb metropolitan area.samobor has been there since 1242 , according to a document of endowment by king bela iv . it is one of the earliest tourist resorts in the region , with the first tourist facilities dating back to 1810 , oriented towards anglers , hunters and hikers .
the regional representative council ( , dpd ; alternatively translatable as the house of regions or the house of regional representatives or the senate of indonesia ) , is one of two parliamentary chambers in indonesia.with the " dewan perwakilan rakyat , " ( dpr ) , it makes up the indonesian national legislative body , the " majelis permusyawaratan rakyat " ( mpr ) . under indonesia 's constitution , the authority of the dpd is limited to areas related to regional governments and can only propose and give advise on bills to the dpr .
aerosol is a suspension of fine solid particles or liquid droplets in a gas . examples are smoke , oceanic haze , air pollution , smog and cs gas . when they say " aerosol " most people mean an aerosol spray can or the spray it makes.to differentiate suspensions from true solutions , the term sol evolved — originally meant to cover dispersions of tiny ( sub-microscopic ) particles in a liquid . with studies of dispersions in air , the term aerosol evolved and now embraces both liquid droplets , solid particles , and combinations of these .
mario lemieux , oc , ( born october 5 , 1965 in montreal , quebec , canada ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey player . he is considered to be one of the best players of all time . he played 17 seasons as a forward with the pittsburgh penguins of the national hockey league from 1984 - 2006 . he currently co-owns both the pittsburgh penguins and their farm team , the wilkes - barre / scranton penguins . he was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1997 . he was also inducted into the canada 's walk of fame in 2004 .
the cabinda province is a part of angola . in is an exclave , and has no direct borders with angola . the front for the liberation of the enclave of cabinda wants the province to become an independent state . before angola became independent from portugal , the front fought the portuguese . after it became a part of the angolan territory , the front is fighting against the angolan government . in 1956 , crude oil was found in cabinda . the cabinda war has been ongoing since the end of 1975 . it is one of the longest - lasting conflicts in africa .
alkaloids are chemical compounds that can be made naturally . they contain basic nitrogen atoms . the name comes from the word alkaline and was used to describe any alkaline containing nitrogen . alkaloids are made by a large variety of organisms , such as bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products ( also called secondary metabolites ) . many alkaloids can be purified from basic substances by acid - base extraction . many alkaloids are toxic to other organisms . some alkaloids have a bitter taste .
claude fox sitton ( december 4 , 1925 – march 10 , 2015 ) was an american newspaper reporter and editor . he worked for " the new york times " during the 1950s and 1960s , eventually becoming the paper 's national editor . he served as editorial director of " raleigh news and observer " and " raleigh times " . sitton won the pulitzer prize for commentary in 1983 . sitton died in hospice care in atlanta , georgia , from congestive heart failure at the age of 89 . he is survived by his wife of 61 years , eva whetstone , and four children .
kathleen anne brien ( born 8 may 1989 ) , better known as katy b , is an english singer and songwriter . she released her first album " on a mission " on april 1 , 2011 . it got good reviews from music critics . it was nominated for the 2011 mercury prize . katy was born in peckham , london . she went to the brit school . her next album " little red " will be released in february 2014 . she released the second single from it , " 5 am " , on 4 november 2013 . it reached number fourteen in the uk singles chart .
anthology is a compilation album by canadian singer - songwriter bryan adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005 . the two disc set includes songs from 1980 – 2005 . a third disc which was a dvd live concert which was recorded in mid 2005 called " " live in lisbon " " was included in north america for a limited time . all the songs are in chronological order of their release , except the last song on the first disc on the north american edition , which was released in 1999 . the album 's enclosed booklet has notes about the process of the recordings and the credits for each track .
final straw is the third full - length album by the alternative rock band snow patrol . it was released in the united kingdom in 2003 and in the united states in 2004 , under polydor records . gary lightbody wrote all of the lyrics , and wrote the music with nathan connolly , mark mcclelland and jonny quinn . the album was the first by snow patrol to become popular outside northern ireland and scotland . " final straw " was re-released in the uk in 2004 with two extra tracks , and then was able to be bought in the u.s. without the bonus tracks .
yoenis céspedes milanés ( born october 18 , 1985 ) is a cuban professional baseball player . he is an outfielder for the new york mets of major league baseball ( mlb ) . céspedes played before for the oakland athletics , boston red sox , and the detroit tigers . he has also played in the cuban national series . he is a member of the cuba national baseball team . céspedes won the home run derby in 2013 and 2014 . on july 31 , 2015 , céspedes was traded from the detroit tigers to the new york mets in exchange for minor league pitchers michael fulmer and luis cessa .
baghdad ( , transliterated " baghdād " ) is the capital city and largest city in iraq . it is the second - largest city in southwest asia after tehran . it is the second - largest city in the arab world after cairo . it has 5,772,000 people ( 2003 ) . baghdad is on the tigris river at 33 ° 20 ′ n 44 ° 26 ′ e . the city was once the center of dar al - islam , muslim civilization.baghdad used to be one of the largest learning centers in the world , during the post classical era .
multiple working is the term used in the uk where more than one operational diesel or electric locomotives are coupled together under the control of one driver . the term can also apply when diesel or electric multiple unit trains are coupled together and also under the control of one driver . ' in tandem ' is the term usually used in the uk when more than one diesel or electric locomotive are hauling a single train and under the control of a driver on each locomotive.if the front locomotive of a pair in multiple has failed the driver can still control the rear locomotive for as long as air and electricity supplies are available on the failed locomotive .
zindziswa mandela ( 23 december 1960 – 13 july 2020 ) , also known as zindzi mandela - hlongwane , was a south african politician . she was an ambassador to denmark from 2015 until her death . she also worked under the administration of jacob zuma and cyril ramaphosa . she was the daughter of anti-apartheid activists nelson mandela and winnie mandela . she was born in soweto.mandela died on 13 july 2020 in johannesburg , aged 59 . a few days before her death , she tested positive for covid - 19 .
michael edward o'malley ( born october 31 , 1966 ) is an american actor and writer . he was born in boston , massachusetts and raised in nashua , new hampshire.o ' malley hosted the early 1990s children 's game show " nickelodeon guts " . he starred in his own sitcom for nbc called " the mike o'malley show " . he is best known for his role as jimmy hughes on " yes , dear " , a cbs series which aired from 2000 to 2006 . he was nominated for an emmy award for his role as burt hummel on the fox series " glee " .
the division of fremantle is an australian electoral division in western australia . it was one of the original 75 divisions for the first federal election in 1901 . it is named for the city of fremantle , which in turn is named for captain charles fremantle . fremantle was captain of hms " challenger " , which brought the first settlers to western australia . the division includes the southern suburbs of perth , cockburn , coolbellup , palmyra , fremantle and rottnest island.the division originally included perth 's southwestern suburbs . boundary changes since 1949 have made it a very safe seat for the australian labor party .
ellen marie elze anthing vogel ( january 26 , 1922 – august 5 , 2015 ) was a dutch television , movie , and stage actress.vogel was born on january 26 , 1922 in the hague , netherlands . she was raised in amsterdam.vogel married hans jürgen tobi in 1942 . they divorced in 1949 . she was in a relationship with fons rademakers from 1950 to 1955 . vogel then married james münninghoff in 1976 . their marriage lasted until his death in 2012 . vogel had a son with hans , peter paul.vogel died in amsterdam at the age of 93 .
bobby fong ( 1950 – september 8 , 2014 ) was an american academic and educator . he was the 20th president of butler university in indianapolis , indiana from june 1 , 2001 until 2011 . he was later the 15th president of ursinus college in collegeville , pennsylvania from july 1 , 2011 until his death.fong was born in oakland , california . his parents were chinese immigrants . he graduated from harvard university with a degree in english . he was married to suzanne fong.fong died from an aneurysm on september 8 , 2014 in collegeville , pennsylvania , aged 64 .
sergio zaniboni ( 4 august 1937 - 18 august 2017 ) was an italian comics artist and writer . he was especially known as the artist of numerous stories for " diabolik " . he was born in turin , italy . his son paolo zaniboni is also a comic book artist.from 1972 he also he collaborates with " il giornalino " , for which he produced " il campione " ( a series set in the boxing world , written by alberto ongaro ) and the police series " tenente marlo " , with stories by claudio nizzi .
county armagh is one of six counties that together make up northern ireland . it is also one of the 32 counties of ireland . county armagh lies in the north - east of the island of ireland . the county is 1,326 km ² big . about 174,792 people live there.the county is named after the city armagh . the name " armagh " derives from the irish word " ard " meaning " high place " and " macha " . in stories , macha is a goddess of ireland . armagh was the main town for the historic ulaid kings of ulster .
sewage or domestic wastewater is the liquid waste produced by people when using the toilet , having a bath or shower or washing clothes and dishes . in some places it also includes rain - water falling on houses and roads . it can also have liquid waste from factories in it . it flows in pipes called sewers to be cleaned up at a sewage treatment works.sewage is mostly water but it also has many microbes some of which can be harmful . it can have many chemicals in it which can also cause harm to animals and humans . most sewage in poor counties is not treated , and may spread disease .
bad doberan is a former district in mecklenburg - western pomerania , germany.in the middle ages the region was made rich because hanseatic city of rostock was close . today the city of rostock is surrounded by the district , but not a part of it.in 1793 the bathing resort of heiligendamm ( today a borough of bad doberan ) was started , and the region became a summer residence for the dukes of mecklenburg - schwerin.in 1952 the districts of bad doberan and rostock - land were made . they were joined in 1994 to make the present district .
kjell " jim " erik frick , ( 6 november 1951 – 25 july 2020 ) was a swedish horse racer within harness racing . he was born in rättvik , sweden . after winning 5002 races he ended his career in 2010 after being thrown off the horse.in 1987 , frick represented sweden in the world driving championship.between 2003 and 2007 he won 36 million ( sek ) with 400 victories in the sport . on 21 february 2010 , he won his 5000th victory in horse racing with the horse sandro mustang at gävletravet.frick died on 25 july 2020 from prostate cancer at the age of 68 .
realpolitik is a system of politics or principles based on practical , rather than moral or ideological considerations . realpolitik is the idea that the world is ruthless and you have to act realistically , even if it causes other things to happen that are bad , or decisions have to be made that upset your people.ludwig von rochau was a 19th century writer and politician . he describes it as follows : a good example of a realpolitik politician is henry kissinger , who helped u.s. presidents in the 1960s and 1970s to expand the power of the united states and its allies .
veronica lake ( november 14 , 1922 – july 7 , 1973 ) was an american movie actress and pin - up model . she was well liked by both audiences and critics . lake is most notably known for her role in " sullivan 's travels " and for her femme fatale roles in film noir with alan ladd during the 1940s . these include " this gun for hire " . lake had bad marriages . at the end of her career , she had problems with mental illness and alcoholism . she was born in brooklyn . her father was of irish and danish ancestry.paramount pictures had lake under contract .
phytoplasmas are a type of parasitic bacteria . they are pathogens of economically important plants , including coconut , sugarcane , and sandalwood.they are obligate parasites of plant phloem tissue . their vectors are insects which inject then into the plant cells . they were discovered by scientists in 1967 and were named mycoplasma - like organisms or mlos . they can not be grown " in vitro " ( in laboratory conditions ) , and that limits the information about them . they are described by the special term " candidatus " , reserved for such difficult organisms .
jane slavin ( born 11 march 1970 ) is an english actress and novelist . slavin was the winner of the 1989 bbc radio drama carleton hobbs award . she has appeared on television in lewis , doctors , peak pratice , cathy jordan , ward sister in the itv medical drama series always and everyone , wendy neeson in coronation street , the doctor who full - cast radio drama the paradise of death , the bill , wycliffe , mairget , clocking off , casualty and heartbeat.she was born in salford , lancashire , greater manchester , england , united kingdom about 2 teachers in peoples life .
ronald stevens ( september 2 , 1925 – november 11 , 2006 ) was an english actor . he was known for his roles in " wild , wild women " , " only when i laugh " , " ever decreasing circles " , " hi - de-hi ! " , " yes , prime minister " , " the parent trap " . stevens was born on september 2 , 1925 in london , england . he was married to ann stevens from 1959 until her death in 2006 . they had two children , one died . stevens died from an illness on november 11 , 2006 in northwood , middlesex , england , aged 81 .
sushil koirala ( ; 12 august 1939 – 9 february 2016 ) was a nepalese politician . he was the prime minister of nepal from 11 february 2014 to 10 october 2015 . he was also president of the nepali congress party beginning in 2010 . koirala was elected as prime minister of nepal by the parliament on 10 february 2014 . koirala joined the nepali congress in 1952 and served in various roles before becoming its president in 2010 . koirala was diagnosed with oral cancer in 2006 and lung cancer in july 2014 . he died on 9 february 2016 of pneumonia in kathmandu . he was aged 76 .
sir michael edward palin ( born 5 may 1943 ) is an english actor , comedian , world traveller and author.palin was born in broomhill , sheffield , west riding of yorkshire . he studied modern history at brasenose college , oxford.he became famous as a member of monty python in the 1970s . afterwards he had his own television series , " ripping yarns " , and also appeared in many movies , such as " a fish called wanda . " over the last 20 years , he has become very well known as a television travel broadcaster ( " around the world in 80 days " , etc . ) .
gorillaz are an animated british rock band . the band was invented by damon albarn , a member of the band blur , and jamie hewlett , who has worked on the comic book series " tank girl " . even though the band members are fictional , they have released a large amount of albums and music videos . the band 's animated members are 2d , noodle , russell hobbs , and murdoc niccals.the band 's genre is mostly a combination of alternative rock , alternative hip hop , and electronica . it also has elements of experimental , trip hop , dub , and psychedelic rock .
victor shem - tov ( , ; 1 february 1915 – 8 march 2014 ) was an israeli politician . he was minister without portfolio from 1969 to 1970 , minister of health from 27 july 1970 to 20 june 1977 , and also minister of welfare and social services from 3 june 1974 to 29 october 1974.shem - tov was born in samokov , bulgaria and mostly lived in the capital sofia . in 1939 , at the age of 24 , he made aliyah . the same year he joined hashomer hatzair.shem - tov died on 8 march 2014 . he was 99 years old .
redhill mrt station ( ew18 ) is an above - ground mass rapid transit station on the east west line located in bukit merah , singapore . this is the last above - ground station eastbound until kallang station . eastward of the station towards tiong bahru estate , the tracks lose elevation until they level out when sufficiently underground . this is because of the space limitations as there is no such elevation of tracks in the central business district . this station is near to enable village for people with special needs.redhill is the only mrt station in which the two platforms are not parallel to each other .
down by law is a punk rock band made in or around 1990 . frontman dave smalley of " dag nasty " fame teamed up with the members of " chemical people " for their first album and went through many changes all around over the years . starting on epitaph records with their first self called lp , dbl continued on epitaph until " last of the sharpshooters " in 1997 . a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of " fly the flag " , and now with their newest release of " windward tides and wayward sails " in 2003 finds them on union label group .
the plurinational legislative assembly ( ) is the national legislature of bolivia . it is found in la paz , the country 's seat of government . the assembly is bicameral , consisting of a lower house ( the chamber of deputies or " cámara de diputados ) " and an upper house ( the senate , or " cámara de senadores ) " . the vice president of bolivia is also the president of the plurinational legislative assembly . each house elects its own directorate : a president , first and second vice presidents , and three or four secretaries ( for the senate and the chamber of deputies , respectively ) .
kankaanpää is a city in satakunta , finland . it had about 12,000 people living there in january 2014 . the municipalities next to it are honkajoki , ikaalinen , jämijärvi , karvia , parkano , pomarkku , sastamala and siikainen.the municipality of lavia is today a part of pori . lavia is also near kankaanpää.municipalities inside kankaanpää are kankaanpää , niinisalo , vihteljärvi , lohikko , venesjärvi and veneskoski.the town manager is mika hatanpää . before him the town manager was paavo karttunen .
one day in the life of ivan denisovich is a novel written by aleksandr solzhenitsyn , first published in november 1962 in the soviet literary magazine " novy mir " ( " new world " ) . set in a soviet labour camp in the 1950s , and describes a single day of an ordinary prisoner , ivan denisovich shukhov.aleksandr solzhenitsyn ( i denisovich himself ) had first - hand experience in the soviet labor camps called the gulag , having been imprisoned from 1945 to 1953 for writing a derogatory comment in a letter to a fellow officer about the conduct of the war by stalin .
adam charles kokesh ( born february 1 , 1982 in san francisco , california ) is an american political activist . he is a decorated veteran of the war in iraq , kokesh came to disparage war and advocate nonviolent resistance to power . he is a member of the libertarian party . he has called for a " new american revolution " for the " orderly dissolution of the federal government . " he was raised in santa fe , new mexico . he now lives in arizona.kokesh announced that he would run for president of the united states under the libertarian party ticket in the 2020 united states presidential election .
sir patrick stewart , ( born 13 july 1940 ) is an english actor . he served as chancellor of university of huddersfield from 2004 to 2015 . he is a shakespearian actor who spent 16 years with the royal shakespeare company , but is most famous for playing jean - luc picard on . he also played professor xavier in the x-men movies and voiced avery bullock in the animated series " american dad ! " . he was given a knighthood by queen elizabeth ii in her new years honours at the start of 2010 , and became " sir patrick " . he was immortalized outside the chinese theatre on january 13 , 2020 .
the lonely island is an american comedy group made of three people . the people are andy samberg , jorma taccone , and akiva schaffer . they are from berkeley , california , but are now based in new york city . they work for " saturday night live " . they are known for songs such as " i 'm on a boat " , " like a boss " , " jizz in my pants " , " dick in a box " , and " lazy sunday " . they have three albums called " incredibad " , " turtleneck and chain and the wack album . "
this article shows the results of the republican party presidential primaries , 2016 . the republican party presidential primary is a process of choosing delegates , or people that represent someone , to go to the 2016 republican national convention . people in each state will vote on who they think will be good for the presidency , and each candidate gets a certain amount of delegates based on the number of votes they receive.the primaries began on 1 february 2016 in iowa . on may 4 , 2016 , donald trump became the only candidate left in the race . he became the official republican nominee on july 19 , 2016 . trump would later win the presidency on november 8 .
paul william " tonka " chapman ( 9 june 1954 – 9 june 2020 ) was a welsh rock guitarist . he was best known for his work in bands such as ufo and lone star . chapman was well known by his nickname " tonka " . he was born in cardiff , wales.in july 2006 , chapman joined the american southern rock band gator country , a collection of molly hatchet veterans.in 2015 , chapman went out for a 10 - week us tour with the swedish / canadian band killer bee and he also recorded on their album " eye in the sky " . chapman died on his 66th birthday on 9 june 2020 .
stonehenge is a prehistoric world heritage site eight miles ( 13 kilometers ) north of salisbury in wiltshire , england . it is made of a henge , with standing stones in circles.there were three main building phases , each between about 3100 bc and 1950 bc . the first circle , ~ 3000 bc , was made of timber . the post holes for the timber have been found . around 2600 bc , the builders gave up timber in favour of stone . most of the construction took place between 2640 and 2480 bc . scientists have discovered that the stonehenge builders originated from modern day turkey from dna analysis .
the common toad or european toad ( " bufo bufo " ) is an amphibian . they are found in most of europe , except for ireland , iceland and some mediterranean islands . the toad usually lies hidden during the day . it becomes active at dusk and spends the night hunting for the invertebrates on which it feeds . it moves with a slow ungainly walk or a short jump . it has a greyish brown skin covered with wart - like lumps.the toads in this genus are known as true toads . they have no teeth , a dry warty skin and horizontal pupils to the eyes .
surfing is a water sport done in the ocean or sea . the surfer uses their surfboard to catch a wave and ride in towards the shore.surfing was invented by the polynesians at least 4000 years ago . it has become a popular sport among both men and women of all ages . with lifestyles and regimens freer than those of most sports , surfers comprise a unique culture . though surfing is practiced in many other pacific nations , its center remains hawaii , where many rounds of the international surfing championships ( the asp ) are held annually . surfing is popular in australia , the us , and northern europe .
åke helge ortmark ( 14 may 1929 – 18 october 2018 ) was a swedish journalist , author and radio and television presenter . during a long career he worked for both television and radio . he was born in stockholm . he started working at sveriges radio in 1958 . ortmark became the editor - in - chief of the weekly newspaper " veckans affärer " between 1974 and 1976 . in 1997 he was the television presenter for his own interview show " o som i ortmark " which was broadcast on tv8 until 2006 . ortmark died on 18 october 2018 in stockholm of pneumonia at the age of 89 .
cornelia maria " corry " brokken ( 3 december 1932 – 2 june 2016 ) was a dutch singer and tv presenter . she was the winner of the eurovision song contest in 1957 for her song " net als toen " . she was known for her songs " snip en snap " , " voorgoed voorbij " and " heel de wereld " . she presented the eurovision song contest in 1976 . after her singing career she studied law at utrecht university in the 1970s . afterwards she was a lawyer and later on a judge.brokken died on 2 june 2016 in laren , netherlands at the age of 83 .
angalifu ( pronounced " ang - uh - leef - oo " ; 1970 – 2014 ) was a captive northern white rhinoceros . it was held at the san diego zoo safari park . he was one of six living northern white rhinoceroses in the world , one of two living males in the world , and the only male on the american continents.angalifu was born in the wild ca . 1970 before being caught and sent to the khartoum zoo in khartoum , sudan . in 1990 , he was transferred on loan to the san diego zoo safari park , where he lived until his death in december 2014 .
singapore has sent athletes to most summer olympic games held since 1948 . the country was created as a separate british crown colony from the straits settlements about three months before the start of the 1948 summer olympics . it sent a team to the games until 1964 . at that time , singapore was part of malaysia . the team from malaysia included people from singapore . when singapore became independent from malaysia in 1965 , the country began sending its own team again . it sent a team for every summer games after then , except in 1980 . the country boycotted the 1980 games along with many other countries . no athletes from singapore have been in any winter olympic games .
kumail nanjiani ( born february 21 , 1978 ) is a pakistani - american stand - up comedian , actor , podcast host and writer.he is also known as the voice of prismo on the emmy award - winning animated series " adventure time " . he starred on the tnt series " franklin & bash " and the adult swim series " newsreaders " . in 2017 , nanjiani starred in the semi-autobiographical romantic comedy movie " the big sick " set in chicago , which he wrote with his wife emily v. gordon . they were nominated for the academy award for best original screenplay at the 90th academy awards .
" what makes you beautiful " was the first single released by the british - irish boyband one direction . it is from their album " up all night " ( 2011 ) . it was released by syco records on 11 september 2011 . written by rami yacoub , carl falk and savan kotecha and produced by yacoub and falk , " what makes you beautiful " is a teen pop song . " what makes you beautiful " sold 153,965 copies in its first week . in the unites states , the single became the highest billboard hot 100 debut for a u.k. act since 1998 .
asma jilani jahangir ( 27 january 1952 – 11 february 2018 ) was a leading pakistani lawyer . born in lahore , she was an advocate of the supreme court of pakistan , president supreme court bar association of pakistan and a human rights activist who works both in pakistan and internationally to prevent the persecution of religious minorities , women , and exploitation of children.she won several international awards for her activism including right livelihood award and the four freedoms award in 2010 for promoting religious freedom.jahangir suffered from brain haemorrhage while going into cardiac arrest in lahore on 11 february 2018 and died when was taken to the hospital at the age of 66 .
adib boroumand ( or adīb borūmand ) ( ; 11 june 1924 – 13 march 2017 ) was an iranian poet , politician , and lawyer . he was the head of the leadership council and chairman of central council of the national front of iran . he is known as the national poet of iran.he was born on 11 june 1924 in gaz , borkhar county , isfahan , persia ( present - day iran ) . he received a b.a . in judicial law from the university of tehran , and since then he had been lived in tehran.boroumand died on 13 march 2017 in tehran at the age of 92 .
saint john was one of the twelve apostles of jesus . he is believed to have written one of the four gospels of the new testament of the christian bible that is named after him . he also wrote the new testament books of 1st , 2nd , and 3rd john and the book of revelation . tradition holds that he was the last surviving apostle and the only apostle to die a natural death rather than by martyrdom . john is the brother of james according to the bible . he is remembered in many churches on december 27 . he was the son of zebedee and salome . his so - called brother james was the first disciple of god .
downton abbey is a british historical drama television series set in the early 20th century . it was created and co-written by julian fellowes . the series first aired on itv in the united kingdom on 26 september 2010 , and in the united states on pbs on 9 january 2011 . on 26 march 2015 , carnival films and itv announced that the sixth series would be the last . it aired on itv between 20 september 2015 and 8 november 2015 . the final episode , serving as the annual christmas special , was broadcast on 25 december 2015 . a movie version was released in the united kingdom on 13 september 2019 , and in the united states on 20 september 2019 .
army ant ( or legionary ant or " marabunta " ) means over 200 ant species . they are called army ants due to their aggressive predatory groups looking for food , known as " raids " , in which many ants look for food at the same time in one place , attacking other animals " en masse " . most ant species make homes where they always live . army ants do not . they keep moving . all army ant species are part of the ant family , formicidae . there are several kinds that have evolved on their own the same behavior . this is called " legionary behavior " , and is convergent evolution .
active transport is when molecules move across a cell membrane from a lower concentration to a higher concentration . this takes energy , often from adenosine triphosphate ( atp ) . active transport is done so cells get what they need , such as ions , glucose and amino acids.in general , molecules move from an area of higher concentration to an area of lower concentration . to get molecules into the cell " against " the concentration gradient , work must be done . the work is done in special proteins which act as ports in the cell membrane . the imports must come through the ports : they can not get through the bilipid layer of the cell membrane .
atahuallpa or atawallpa ( c. 1502 – 1533 ) was the 13th and last sovereign emperor of the tahuantinsuyo , or inca empire . he became emperor after defeating his younger half - brother huáscar in a civil war that followed the death of their father , inca huayna capac , from an infectious disease ( maybe malaria or smallpox ) . during the civil war , the spaniard francisco pizarro arrived and captured atahuallpa , and used him to control the inca empire . eventually , the spanish executed atahuallpa . so ended the inca empire ( although several weak puppet successors followed him . )
the dalmatian pelican ( " pelecanus crispus " ) is a large bird . it lives in wet places such as in swamps and shallow lakes . it can be found from southeastern europe to pakistan and china.it is the largest member of the pelican family . the average length is 170 – 190 cm ( 67 - 75 inches ) the average weight is 11 – 15 kg ( 24 - 33 lbs ) . the wings are around 3 m ( 10 ft ) across . it is the world 's heaviest flying bird on average . however , sometimes a few birds from another species may also be as large or larger .
josé solé ( july 28 , 1929 – february 15 , 2017 ) was a mexican stage actor , movie director , set design , and theater director.his career extended over 60 years . he worked to promote theater in mexico , which did not have governmental support that the other arts did after the mexican revolution . he performed in and directed many plays , as well as directing theaters and even the theatrical division of the instituto nacional de bellas artes ( national institute of fine arts ) . he received recognition for both acting and directing early in his career , but major awards such as premio nacional de ciencias y artes ( national prize for arts and sciences ) in the 2000s .
the battle of moscow ( , ) is a name given by soviet historians to two periods of fighting on a 600 km area of the eastern front during world war ii . it took place between october 1941 and january 1942 . the soviet defenses stopped the german attack on moscow , the soviet capital , which was one of the axis 's primary military and political objectives in the invasion of the soviet union.the german strategic offensive named operation typhoon was planned to attack moscow from the north and south . the soviets reacted by sending in more reserve from the far east . shortly , german attacks were stopped , and the soviets began counter-attack and forced to push the axis back .
the belmont stakes is an american grade i stakes thoroughbred horse race held on the first or second saturday in june at belmont park in elmont , new york . belmont park is known as " the championship track " because nearly every major american champion in racing history has competed on the racetrack.it is a horse race , open to three - year - old thoroughbreds . colts and geldings carry a weight of ; fillies carry . the race , nicknamed the test of the champion , and the run for the carnations , is the third and final leg of the triple crown and is held five weeks after the kentucky derby and three weeks after the preakness stakes .
andrée lachapelle oc , cq ( november 13 , 1931 – november 21 , 2019 ) was a canadian actress . she was born in montreal , quebec . she was known for her roles in " léolo " , " cap tourmente " , " route 132 " , " the last escape " and " do n't let the angels fall " . in 1985 , she was made an officer of the order of canada . in 1997 , she was made a knight of the national order of quebec.on november 21 , 2019 , lachapelle , who had cancer , died by assisted suicide at a montreal hospital . she was 88 years old .
usury is lending money for interest . nowadays it usually means lending at a high , often extortionate rate of interest on a loan.usury is illegal in many parts of the world . in muslim countries charging any interest at all is strictly illegal.some people argue that this is against the old testament , especially exodus and deuteronomy which states that those who lend to someone in need will be blessed , but the point about usury is the high levels of interest , not the act of lending in itself.aristotle also condemned usury as " contrary to nature " in his book on politics , because it increases by itself and makes money without labour .
frozen is a 2013 american computer - animated musical fantasy - comedy movie based on hans christian andersen 's fairy tale " the snow queen " . it is produced by walt disney animation studios and distributed by walt disney pictures.the movie is about a princess named anna , and her sister elsa who becomes queen . there is also a funny talking snowman called olaf . in the popular movie , elsa sings a song called " let it go , " which became very popular and it is a 52nd movie . " frozen " was released on november 27 , 2013 and has the voices of kristen bell and idina menzel in speaking and singing roles . " frozen " got great reviews from movie critics . it was nominated for the golden globe for best animated feature film .
a flask is a type of container made of glass . they are a common piece of apparatus used in laboratories . their size are chosen by the volume they can hold , and is measured in metric units , like litres ( l ) or mililitres ( ml ) . their shape depends on what they are used for , but they usually consist of a wider body , which contains the materials , and a more narrow neck with an opening at the top . the opening is the way to insert materials into the body . some flasks have more than one neck and opening at the top.flasks are used to contain substances . they are usually made of glass or borosilicate glass ( pyrex ) . they can be used to heat the substance inside of them . there are many different types of laboratory flasks . they differ in their shape and what they are used for . the most common types of flask are : flasks can be used to make and hold solutions , to measure chemicals , and to contain chemical reactions like boiling , precipitation and analysis .
polyps are one of two forms of the cnidarians . the other body form is the medusa . polyps have a vase - shaped body with tentacles around the mouth opening.polyps may be sexual or asexual . they can all reproduce asexually by budding . in some species , the polyps can also reproduce sexually.when medusae mate , the result may be polyps , when polyps replicate , the result may be medusae . the details vary between species . some species are polyps all the time ( such as " hydra " , and the whole of the class anthozoa ( corals and anemones ) . in many cases the asexual buds formed do not separate from the parent but remain , thus forming colonies or ' stocks ' . these may reach a great size , and contain a vast number of individuals . slight differences in the method of budding produce great variations in the form of the colonies . the reef - building corals are polyp - colonies , strengthened by the formation of a firm skeleton.jellyfish ( class medusozoa ) have two distinct life history stages ( body forms ) during their life cycle . the first is the polyp stage . often , this polyp is attached to the sea floor , or to another hard surface . a polyp that lives that way is called sessile.in the second stage , the tiny polyps asexually produce jellyfish , each of which is known as a medusa . tiny jellyfish swim away from the polyp and then grow and feed in the plankton . jellyfish reproduce both sexually and asexually .
the pantheon ( meaning " temple of all the gods " ) is a building in rome . it was originally built as a temple to the gods of ancient rome , and rebuilt about 126 ad during hadrian 's reign . today , it is not known what gods were included.the pantheon is the best preserved of all roman buildings . since it was built , it has always been used . the design of the current building is sometimes credited to trajan 's architect apollodorus of damascus , but it may also been emperor hadrian 's architects who designed it . scholars now agree that it was not hadrian himelf who built it . since the 7th century , the pantheon has been used as a roman catholic church . the pantheon is the oldest standing domed structure in rome . the height to the oculus and the diameter of the interior circle are the same , . the pantheon dome is the largest dome made mainly of unreinforced concrete . it does , however , contain other materials . according to the jutland archaeological society investigations , the lower section of the dome is made of concrete with alternating layers of bricks and tuff ; both have good affinity with the lime - pozzolan mortar which filled the voids.the term " pantheon " is sometimes used for a building where well - known dead people are buried .
charles wood ( born armagh , 15 june 1866 ; died cambridge , 12 july 1926 ) was an irish composer and teacher.charles wood was born in armagh , ireland . his father sang in the cathedral choir . charles had music lessons from the cathedral organist , then he went to the royal college of music where he studied composition with c.v.stanford and hubert parry . he also learned to play the horn and piano . after four years he went to selwyn college , cambridge , at first to study , then to teach harmony and counterpoint . in 1889 he got a teaching job at gonville and caius college , cambridge . soon he became their first director of music and organist . when stanford died , wood became professor of music at cambridge.wood is mainly remembered today for his anglican church music . he wrote music for the communion service and service settings of the magnificat and nunc dimittis . these are often sung today in cathedrals and churches . he wrote many fine anthems including " o thou , the central orb " . in cambridge he is remembered for the chimes he wrote for the clocks of gonville and caius college.his pupils included ralph vaughan williams at cambridge and herbert howells at the royal college of music .
the term robber baron was first used in the 12th and 13th centuries to describe rich men who lived in large castles along major transportation rivers , like the rhine in europe . they would send ships out onto these rivers to stop anybody who was traveling through who did not know better and collect a tax from them on any money or goods on these ships . they were not officially allowed to collect these taxes . it was only the holy roman emperor who could decide what taxes to be charged , how much and who could charge it.second , it is a slang term used of certain rich and ruthless industrialists and bankers , especially in the late 19th and early 20th century u.s.a .
the port arthur massacre was a mass killing that took place at port arthur , tasmania , australia . on saturday 28 and sunday 29 april 1996 35 people were killed , and 37 people were badly hurt . martin bryant used semi-automatic guns to shoot people who were visiting port arthur . port arthur is an old penal colony or large prison . more than 75,000 convicts from britain and ireland had been kept at the prison from the 1830s to the 1870s . the ruins of the prison are one of the biggest attractions for visitors to tasmania . bryant is in jail for the crime.the massacre was the worst single - day mass murder incident in australian history . 35 people died on 28 april 1996 , the middle day of the massacre . after the massacre , australia made new laws about gun control . people could not buy guns very easily anymore . new laws were changed which meant that martin bryant had to give many millions of dollars to the families of the people who were killed . this law does not exist anywhere else in the world.bryant had first killed the owners of a small guesthouse . the next day he went to the port arthur historic site . 20 of the people killed were shot in the broad arrow cafe in a 90 - second burst of gunfire . bryant went into the cafe at lunchtime and began shooting . there were more than 60 people in the cafe . he then went into the gift shop and continued shooting . two minutes later he went back to his car to get more guns . he continued to shoot and kill people outside in the gardens.bryant then took a hostage and went back to the seascape guest house . he killed the hostage and then set fire to the house . he finally gave himself up to the police after 18 hours . he was burned in the fire.bryant was found guilty of killing 35 people . he was sentenced to a life sentence for each murder . the court said he was never to be released.the ruins of the cafe are now a memorial to the people who were killed in the massacre . a square pond has been built as a place for quiet thinking . the prime minister of australia , john howard spoke at the memorial in 2006 . this was to remember 10 years since the massacre .
sensational spelling is when a word is spelled wrong on purpose . this may be done for creativity , advertising , or humor.these are many brands with sensational spelling , including krispy kreme doughnuts ( which should be spelled " crispy cream " ) , froot loops ( fruit loops ) , mortal kombat ( mortal combat ) and hasbro 's playskool ( playschool ) . it can also happen with common nouns , such as drive - thru ( drive through ) , blu - ray ( blue ray ) " lite " items ( light ) . some websites on the internet also gain fame from sensational spelling , such as google , flickr , tumblr .
in anglican church music , a service is a piece of music for the choir to sing during a service of worship . it uses the words which are a traditional part of the service . the choir is usually accompanied by the organ , but sometimes it can be just for choir without organ.in morning prayer the words which are set to music for the choir are the words of the venite ( psalm 95 ) , the te deum and the jubilate ( psalm 100 ) or benedictus.for a holy communion the set words will usually be the gloria , sometimes the creed , sanctus , agnus dei as well as responses.for evening prayer the words will be the magnificat and the nunc dimittis . singers in the choir often call these " mag and nunc " for short . many composers have set these words . they make them into a piece for choir which is like an anthem.in the tudor and early stuart periods , services were described as " short " , " great " or " verse " services . short services were short , the words were only sung once and it was often unaccompanied ( no organ ) . a great service was longer : some of the words were often sung many times . william byrd wrote a famous great service . a verse service was also long : there were several verses which need to be sung by a solo choir member . in between each verse there is some music for the whole choir to sing .
ferdinando imposimato ( 9 april 1936 – 2 january 2018 ) was an italian magistrate . he was the honorary president of the supreme court of italy until his death . he was known for being a high - ranking prosecutor . he led the investigations of the kidnapping of aldo moro , mehmet ali ağca 's attempted assassination of pope john paul ii , the assassination of banker michele sindona and many mafia trials . he was twice a member of the senate of the republic.in january 2015 , he was nominated by the five star movement as its candidate for the 2015 presidential election . an online survey by supporters of the movement won him 32 % of the votes.imposimato was born in maddaloni . he graduated from the university of naples in 1959 . he became a magistrate in 1964 . imposimato died on 2 january 2018 in rome , at the age of 81 .
anthony a. graziano ( november 12 , 1940 – may 25 , 2019 ) was an american mobster and consigliere . he worked in the bonanno crime family . in 1990 , graziano pleaded guilty to federal tax evasion . he had failed to pay $ 100,000 to the internal revenue service ( irs ) . in september 2002 , graziano was indicted on federal racketeering and extortion charges , bookmaking , and murder based on recorded conversations with his son - in - law and hector pagan graziano , jr. and conspiracy to commit murder.on july 18 , 2003 , graziano was sentenced to 11 years in prison on the florida charges . on november 13 , 2003 , graziano was sentenced to nine years in prison on the new york charges . he was suffering from diabetes and bladder cancer.graziano died on may 25 , 2019 at the age of 78 .
antonio carrozzi abasca ( 15 september 1926 – 1 january 2016 ) , better known as antonio carrizo , was an argentine radio host , actor and television presenter . he worked for the radio station radio el mundo and radio rivadavia . he hosted shows on many channels including canal 7 . he appeared in the movies " el barro humano " ( 1955 ) , " el noveno mandamiento " ( 1963 ) and " muchachos impacientes " ( 1966 ) . carrizo was born in general villegas , buenos aires province . he had a stoke in 2008 . he died on 1 january 2016 in buenos aires , aged 89 .
riverton is a city in iowa in the united states . it is built beside the east nishnabotna river . in 2000 , there were 304 people living in riverton . the 1881 robbery of the sexton bank at riverton was thought to be the work of jesse james . it was later found out to be the work of the outlaw polk wells.the first settler in the riverton area was coleman smith who built his house there in 1859 . he later brought his family to riverton by boat.on july 11th , 1881 , the nishna valleybank was robbed at gunpoint of $ 4000 . one of the robbers , polk wells , was shot during the robbery by the owner of a nearby store.two miles north of riverton is the riverton wildlife management area . this is of marsh and wetland which is the breeding area for many types of duck . during the spring there can be as many as 100,000 snow geese in the area . it is a popular place for hunting . it floods during the spring and then dries out during the summer . there are three boat ramps in the area .
the following is a list of deaths that should be noted in april 2019 . for deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in , please see " months " . names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym . deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.each listing of a death must have a source . if no reference is included , the death notice will be removed . the following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order : name , age , where they came from , what the person is known for , cause of death ( if known ) and a source .
the following is a list of deaths that should be noted in february 2020 . for deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in , please see " months " . names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym . deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.each listing of a death must have a source . if no reference is included , the death notice will be removed . the following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order : name , age , where they came from , what the person is known for , cause of death ( if known ) and a source .
the following is a list of deaths that should be noted in february 2018 . for deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in , please see " months " . names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym . deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.each listing of a death must have a source . if no reference is included , the death notice will be removed . the following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order : name , age , where they came from , what the person is known for , cause of death ( if known ) and a source .
anthony james ( born james anthony ; july 22 , 1942 – may 26 , 2020 ) was an american actor . he was known for playing villain in western movies or television series . he was born in myrtle beach , south carolina.his movie roles include : " p.j . " ( 1968 ) and " ... tick ... tick ... tick ... " ( 1970 ) . he played one of the lynch mobsters in " high plains drifter " and appeared the horror movie " burnt offerings " ( 1976 ) . he had roles in " blue thunder " ( 1983 ) , " nightmares " ( 1983 ) , and " " ( 1991 ) . james died on may 26 , 2020 of cancer , aged 77 .
rebecka månstråle liljeberg ( born 13 may 1981 ) is a swedish actress.she was born in turinge , about 40 km southwest of stockholm , and moved around sweden for much of her youth . liljeberg 's mother was relatively young when she was born , and her parents divorced when she was one year old . at the age of 9 ( 1991 ) , liljeberg began her acting career when she won a role in the series " sunes jul " . between 1993 and 1997 , she became played in amateur theatre , which she continued with until gaining a role in the movie " närkontakt " later in 1997 . the following year she won her breakthrough role in the lukas moodysson movie " fucking åmål " . for the movie she stopped his study in high school to take up the role , which ultimately won her the 1999 guldbagge award for best actress , together with alexandra dahlström . after her roles in " fucking åmål " and " sherdil " , liljeberg began an adult education course in order to graduate from high school . while studying , she also played in " bear 's kiss " , and voiced a character in the swedish version of imax movie " t - rex : back to the cretaceous " . in 2002 , she completed the adult education course , and is now studying medicine at the karolinska institute to become a pediatrician .
alfredo biondi ( june 29 , 1928 – june 24 , 2020 ) was an italian politician and lawyer . in 1994 he served as minister of justice of the italian republic during the first cabinet chaired by silvio berlusconi . he was also minister of the environment in the bettino craxi cabinet from 1983 to 1984 . until 1994 , he was a member of the liberal party . afterwards , he became a member of forza italia . biondi was born in pisa , italy.he was a deputy from 1968 to 1972 and again from 1979 to 2006 . biondi was a senator from 2006 to 2008 . biondi died on june 24 , 2020 in genoa , italy at the age of 91 .
fethiye is a city and district in the mugla province in turkey . it is on the " turquoise coast " . 59,425 people live there . there is a big harbor in the town and a marina . there are no beaches in fethiye town , but there are many nice beaches around oludeniz , a nearby town . there is a number of different places to stay including hotels.the ancient name for the town was telmessos . there are a number of historic sites including rock tombs . these were dug into cliffs by the lycians . the tomb of amnytas was built in the 4th century bc . next to the harbor is a castle built by the knights of rhodes . in nearby villages there are also many historic sites including a temple to apollo at letoon , which is a world heritage site .
the covid - 19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached guatemala in march 2020 . on 13 march 2020 , the first case in guatemala , a guatemalan man who traveled from italy to guatemala , was confirmed.on 13 march 2020 , the guatemalan government extended its travel restrictions to travelers from the us and canada . starting on 16 march , no travelers coming from these countries will be allowed to enter guatemala , until march 31 . on 15 march 2020 , the guatemalan government confirmed its second case and the first covid - 19 death in the country , an 85 - year - old man who arrived from madrid with his family nine days earlier.on april 23 , the united nations commission on human rights calls on mexican and central american governments to stop deportations during the coronavirus pandemic . 2,500 migrants are stuck in panama because honduras has closed its border . mexico has dumped migrants in guatemala , but guatemala has not let them in . on april 23 the organization helped 41 migrants return to el salvador from mexico .
paul andreu ( 10 july 1938 – 11 october 2018 ) was a french architect . he was known for his designs of multiple airports . he was most recently a professor of architecture at zhejiang university and had a private practice . he was born in caudéran ( gironde ) , in southwest france.andreau was known for his designs in ninoy aquino international airport ( manila ) , soekarno - hatta international airport ( jakarta ) , shanghai pudong international airport in china , abu dhabi international airport , dubai international airport , cairo international airport , brunei international airport , and the charles de gaulle airport , and orly airport in paris.andreau died on 11 october 2018 at the age of 80 .
linda hopkins ( december 14 , 1924 – april 10 , 2017 ) was an african - american stage actress and blues and gospel singer . she has recorded classic , traditional , and urban blues , and performed r & b and soul , jazz , and show tunes since the 1950s . during the 1970s , hopkins performed in the broadway musical , " purlie " , and with sammy davis , jr. for nine months . in addition , she performed at president jimmy carter 's 1977 inaugural ball.hopkins starred in " me and bessie " , a one - woman show paying homage to blues singer bessie smith.hopkins died in milwaukee , wisconsin on april 10 , 2017 at the age of 92 .
a fast casual restaurant is a type of restaurant invented in the united states . it aims to fill the gap between fast food joints and more formal restaurants.this type of restaurant does not offer full table service . it gives a higher quality of food than fast food places . the fast casual restaurants use fewer frozen or processed ingredients than a fast food restaurant.the promoters of this idea see it as fitting between fast food and what they call " casual dining " . by ' casual dining ' they mean chains like tgi friday 's and applebee 's in the u.s. and harvester in the u.k.the typical cost per meal in a fast casual is in the $ 8 – $ 15 range . typical examples of fast casual restaurants in the u.s. are chipotle mexican grill , culvers , and panera .
allometry is the study of the relationship of body size to shape . in particular , it refers to the rate of growth of one part of the body compared to other parts . in most cases , the relative size of body parts changes as the body grows . most allometric relationships are adaptive . for example , organs which depend on their surface area ( such as the intestine ) grow faster as the body weight increases.also , there are changes in allometry as a clade evolves . allometry is an important way to describe changes in gross morphology ( body shape ) during evolution . changes in time of development in an evolutionary series or clade are very common . the trend is known as heterochrony.allometry was first outlined by otto snell in 1892 , d'arcy thompson in 1917 , and julian huxley in 1932 . the relationship between two measured quantities is often expressed as a power law : where formula_3 is the scaling exponent of the law .
anna kavan ( born 10 april 1901 as helen emily woods , died 1968 ) was an english writer.her early work , comprising six novels , gave little indication of the style and content of her writing after 1939 . the change of her name to anna kavan in 1940 signalled an experimental form , focussed on the ' nocturnal language ' of dreams and addiction . " i am lazarus " is a collection of short stories that address the disturbing unreality of mental illness , particularly as a result of [ war - related ] post traumatic stress disorder.kavan travelled extensively during the second world war , spending 22 months in new zealand . that country 's proximity to antarctica informed her writing of " ice " . kavan 's biographical details have until recently been vague and sketchy , but recent discoveries of letters and unpublished manuscripts have shed revealing light on her life and times . dr jennifer sturm of auckland university has made a recent study of kavan 's writing , and has unearthed significant validation of her biographical details . kavan is currently enjoying something of a belated interest . london publishers peter owen publishers have for many years flown the kavan flag and continue to do so , with the recent re-release of " ice " and a forthcoming publication of " guilty " , a new posthumous release of kavan 's work .
norman steven maciver ( born september 8 , 1964 in thunder bay , ontario ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the national hockey league as a member of the new york rangers , hartford whalers , edmonton oilers , ottawa senators , pittsburgh penguins , and the winnipeg jets / phoenix coyotes franchise.maciver was never drafted by an nhl franchise and instead took the university route in order to reach the nhl . the defenceman played four seasons with the university of minnesota duluth and in 1985 - 86 was a finalist for the hobey baker award , awarded to the ncaa 's top player . while playing at the university of minnesota , maciver earned a communications degree and signed as a free agent with the nhl 's new york rangers upon graduation.he played 500 regular season games in the nhl , scoring 55 goals and 230 assists for 285 points and collecting 350 penalty minutes . a career highlight came during the ottawa senators ' debut season of 1992 - 93 , when maciver led the team in scoring with 17 goals and 46 assists for 63 points in 80 games . in the spring of 1996 , he scored the final goal in winnipeg jets ' history prior to the team 's relocation to phoenix in the sixth game of a first round playoff series against the detroit red wings . after retirement he became an assistant coach for the american hockey league 's springfield falcons from 2000 to 2003 , and then the nhl 's boston bruins from 2003 to 2006 . maciver is currently an amateur scout with the nhl 's chicago blackhawks .
a text editor is a program that is run on a computer that can create and change text . the text can be saved into a file that is called a " text file " . text editors can be used for a lot of things . many people use them to write documents . some people write code ( like html or c++ ) using a text editor.some text editors can edit " rich text " . rich text allows bold text , " italic text " , and other things . this is why rich text is different form " text file " which do not have bold text or " italic text " properties.most text editors today support " search and replace " . a computer will quickly find some text the user wants . the user can tell the computer to replace the found text with something else . this can be in part or all of the document.copy , cut and paste are other common options in text editors . copy allows users to instantly add a copy of text in one place to another place . cut and paste are similar , except that the text is moved from one place to another instead of being copied . this is very useful when a writer wishes to put his paragraphs in a different order , for example.sometimes users make mistakes , or need to do the same thing over and over without getting bored . this is what the undo and redo features do . users can reverse their mistakes , or quickly repeat their actions . some text editors allow many mistakes in a row to be reversed ; others allow only one or two .
cristina deutekom , also known as " christine deutekom " and " christina deutekom " ( 28 august 1931 – 7 august 2014 ) was a dutch coloratura soprano opera singer . deutekom 's stage career ended in 1986 , when she suffered a heart attack.she sang with all the leading tenors of her time , including carlo bergonzi , josé carreras , franco corelli , plácido domingo , nicolai gedda , alfredo kraus , luciano pavarotti , and richard tucker.deutekom was born in 1931 in amsterdam as christine ( stientje ) engel . her career began in 1963 . she died on 7 august 2014 after a fall in her home .
roger béteille ( 28 august 1921 – 14 june 2019 ) was a french aeronautical engineer . he was born in vors , aveyron . in 1952 , he joined sud - aviation in toulouse and held senior posts : head of flight testing ( 1952 to 1957 ) , head of rockets and satellites division ( 1957 to 1967 ) and the deputy technical director of and a300 programme manager.béteille worked with air france and lufthansa , as well as u.s. - based airlines like united , twa and american airlines . he also decided that english should be the working language and that measurements should not be metric because most airlines already had american built aircraft.he is known for the success of airbus and is sometimes called " mr. airbus " .
richard portman ( april 2 , 1934 – january 28 , 2017 ) was an american sound engineer . he worked on over 160 movies between 1963 and 2004 . he won an academy award for best sound for " the deer hunter " ( 1978 ) . he was nominated ten other times for " kotch " ( 1971 ) , " the godfather " , " the candidate " ( both 1972 ) , " paper moon " , " the day of the dolphin " ( both 1973 ) , " young frankenstein " ( 1974 ) , " funny lady " ( 1975 ) , " coal miner 's daughter " ( 1980 ) , " on golden pond " ( 1981 ) and " the river " ( 1984 ) . he was born in los angeles , california.portman died of problems from a fall on january 28 , 2017 in tallahassee , florida . he was 82 .
gertrude himmelfarb ( august 8 , 1922 – december 30 , 2019 ) , also known as bea kristol , was an american historian . she was a leader and critic of conservative works of history and historiography . she wrote on intellectual history , with a focus on great britain and the victorian era . she was born in new york city . in 2004 , she was honored with the national humanities medal by president george w. bush.himmelfarb was married to neoconservative icon irving kristol . they had two children ; including chief of staff to vice president bill kristol.himmelfarb died on december 30 , 2019 in washington , d.c. of congestive heart failure at the age of 97 .
in the united states , there have usually been two main political parties . since the 1860s , these two main parties have been the republican party and the democratic party . the democratic party has the most seats in the house of representatives while the republicans hold a majority in the senate.the three largest parties aside from the two main political parties are the libertarian party , green party of the united states , and the constitution party in respective order.the united states has only two major political parties : the democrats and the republicans . there are also smaller parties that are n’t as well known . these parties have a duopoly , meaning that they share almost all the political power in the country . most constitutional republic countries have more than two parties .
the word promenade concert today usually refers to one of the concerts in the series started by henry wood in 1895 , known today as the bbc proms . however , before these concerts started there had for many years been promenade concerts in the parks of london . these concerts took place in the leisure gardens ( parks ) where people could walk about while listening to the music ( french se promener = to walk ) . people had to pay to go into the leisure gardens . there were lots of entertainments there , e.g . fireworks , dancing , acrobatics and music . the music was played by orchestras . sometimes these orchestras played in bandstands , sometimes in proper buildings.vauxhall gardens and ranelagh gardens were the most famous of these gardens . the composer george frideric handel had his music played there in the 18th century . the gardens were very fashionable until the 19th century . aristocratic people , royalty and ordinary people all mixed there . handel 's " music for the royal fireworks " was performed in vauxhall gardens to celebrate the treaty of aix - la - chapelle . the composer dr thomas arne was appointed composer of vauxhall gardens in 1745 . it was here that many of his songs became popular , including " rule britannia " . wolfgang amadeus mozart and joseph haydn performed in ranelagh gardens on their visits to london.in the 19th century concerts of classical music became very popular . the conductor louis antoine jullien conducted many concerts . his orchestra were even joined by the bands of the royal artillery or drummers from the french national guard . concerts were also given in crystal palace , the huge glass building which was built for the great exhibition in 1851 . many english composers had their music played in these parks . the music was often long songs ( ballads ) , or drinking songs . sometimes choirs sang choruses from oratorios by handel . later in the 19th century the programmes included more music by famous composers such as brahms , liszt , mendelssohn , schubert , schumann , smetana and wagner.in 1895 henry wood started his series of promenade concerts . he wanted to educate audiences so that they liked good music . this series of concerts continues today in the royal albert hall as the bbc proms .
a wedgie happens when a person 's underwear is forcibly pulled up their buttocks . a wedgie can be given by bullies to humiliate their target , or as a prank between friends . wedgies can be given from the front ( " melvins " ) and in many other ways . they can cause the underwear to rip . they are very painful and are used in many situations . they are also very commonly shown in low comedy.there are many forms of wedgies . wedgies can be given along with a spanking . a hanging wedgie is when the underwear is hung on a hook . a bra connection wedgie is when a girl 's underwear is hooked in her bra . " atomic wedgies " are when the underwear is pulled over the victim 's head . a " messy wedgie " is when food or other substances are put down the pants of the victim while wedgied . a " squeaky clean wedgie " is when the victim 's underwear is pulled up at the front then the back creating friction . in a " bouncing wedgie " , the person is bounced while in the wedgie .
ralph hauenstein ( march 20 , 1912 – january 10 , 2016 ) was an american philanthropist and businessman . his leadership has made the hauenstein center for presidential studies at grand valley state university , the hauenstein parkinson 's and neuroscience centers at saint mary 's hospital and the grace hauenstein library at aquinas college . he was also a colonel in the u.s. army.hauenstein was born in fort wayne , indiana . he fought for his country during world war ii . he turned 100 in march 2012 . his wife of 75 years , grace byrnes , died in 2007 . hauenstein died from natural causes on january 10 , 2016 in grand rapids , michigan . he was 103 .
ta'al , hebrew : תע " ל , a hebrew acronym of " tnu'a aravit lehithadshut " , hebrew : תנועה ערבית להתחדשות , the arab version : " ? " , arab : الحركة العربية للتغيير , both meaning " arab movement for renewal " , is an israeli political party.its ideology is right - wing centrist , arab nationalist , secular and anti-zionist . political leader is ahmad tibi.ta ' al was founded in the 1990s by ahmad tibi.number of seats in the 23rd knesset : 3 ( +1 ) . ta'al is cooperating with balad , hadash and ra'am as hareshima hameshutefet ( hebrew ) or al - qa'imah al - mushtarakah ( arab ) ( both meaning " the joint list " ) . together they have 15 seats .
eagles are large birds of prey which live in and are mostly found in eurasia and in africa , but also in many parts of the world . eagles hunt during the day and have very good eyesight.the golden eagle is found over most of the world and it usually eats small mammals.sometimes , " eagle " can just mean any large hawk ; as a group , eagles are not closely related to one another.the largest eagle that has ever lived is haast 's eagle . it is the only eagle in the world ever to have been top predator of its ecosystem . though it is now extinct , it lived in new zealand.almost all eagles are carnivores . this means that they eat meat from other animals , including fish , rabbits , snakeand squirrels . birds that eat meat are also known as birds of prey . eagles are birds of prey , and so are vultures and falcons . eagles use their strong talons to catch and grab their food , and they use their sharp beaks to help them tear into their meat . even though most eagles are carnivores , the african vulturine fish - eagle mostly eats oil palm fruits .
the birthday cake is part of birthday celebrations in european countries since 19th century . it is popular to song birthday songs , clap hands and cheer when the cake is brought . the tradition of adding candles to the top of a birthday cake comes from germany . some forms of birthday cakes and such celebrating goes as far as to ancient rome . often good wishes are written on the cake using sugar or chocolate . since long times birthday cakes were a sign of wealth , but since a century they became easily accessible to all parts of society . around the world many types of the birthday cake are used often looking more like candies and combined sweets . before the cake is eaten , the person whose birthday it is should make a wish , blow out the candles in one try - this would guarantee that the wish will come true .
john paul " johnny " gimble ( may 30 , 1926 – may 9 , 2015 ) was an american country musician . he played the fiddle and worked in the western swing genre . from the 1970s , he won five best instrumentalist awards from the country music awards and eight best fiddle player awards from the academy of country music.he worked with musicians including merle haggard , willie nelson , chet atkins , carrie underwood and ray price . he appeared on " austin city limits " and garrison keillor 's broadcasts . he was also a member of the million dollar band and his last album was " celebrating with friends " ( 2010 ) . gimble was nominated for a grammy award.gimble was born in tyler , texas . he had many strokes in his later life and died on may 9 , 2015 in dripping springs , texas . he was 88 .
the æsir ( old norse : singular " ǫ́ss " or " áss " ; feminine " ásynja " , plural " ásynjur " ) are the principal group or tribe of deities in norse mythology . including odin , frigg , thor , and baldr , the æsir reside in the realm of asgard , situated at the top of yggdrasil 's highest branch.alongside the æsir exists a second family of gods known as the vanir , who joined with the æsir to form a single , unified pantheon after the devastating war between the two tribes of deities . the vanir were native to vanaheimr , the god njörðr and his children , freyr and freyja chief among them . the æsir gods were usually connected with power and war , while the vanir were associated with fertility and nature .
kalka is an aboriginal community in the aṉangu pitjantjatjara yankunytjatjara lands in south australia . it is by road from pipalyatjara , at the base of the tomkinson ranges . there were 114 people living at kalka in 2006 . kalka was originally planned as a service centre for surrounding outstations , but by the early 1990s it had developed into a small permanent community . the town has basic facilities . a truck brings food and supplies to the community every two weeks . there is no school or health clinic at kalka ; both of these services are supplied at nearby pipalyatjara . there is an unsealed airstrip near to the town .
frank fenner ( 21 december 1914 ballarat — 22 november 2010 ) was an australian scientist . he was famous for his work on smallpox and the myxoma virus , which had been deadly for rabbits in australia.fenner was born in ballarat , victoria in 1914 . he studied for a bachelor of medicine and bachelor of surgery at the university of adelaide and graduated in 1938 . in 1940 he completed a diploma in tropical medicine and 1942 he completed his doctor of medicine degree . during world war ii he joined the australian army as a doctor and studied the parasite that caused malaria.after the war he worked at walter and eliza hall institute of medical research in melbourne where he studied smallpox . in 1949 he became the first professor of microbiology at the new australian national university ( anu ) in canberra . his interest on research was the myxoma virus . this virus was used to kill millions of rabbits that were destroying large areas of australian grasslands and farms.in 1967 fenner became the director of the john curtin school of medical research at anu and also chairman of the global commission for the certification of smallpox eradication . in 1973 he became director of the centre for resource and environmental studies at anu .
" visibility " is a word used in meteorology . it is used to talk about how far a normal person can see depending on the weather . if there is low visibility , such as in a blizzard , a person will not be able to see far . if there is high visibility , such as on a bright , sunny day , a person will be able to see a long way.visibility less than is often called zero . when it is this low , roads may be closed , or lights and signs are turned on to warn drivers . these are put in areas that often have very low visibility . warning lights help stop accidents . automobile crashes with many cars happen often in places like this if the warning lights and signs are not put up.visibility is said to be good when a person can see farther than about 10 kilometers.an advisory is put out by meteorologists to warn of low visibility , such as a dense fog advisory from the u.s. national weather service . these tell drivers to not travel until the fog leaves . airport travel sometimes is delayed , or slowed down , by low visibility .
roberto farias ( march 27 , 1932 – may 14 , 2018 ) was a brazilian movie director , producer and screenwriter . he has directed 15 movies from 1957 to 2018 . his 1982 movie " pra frente , brasil " was entered into the 33rd berlin international film festival . he also directed " cidade ameaçada " ( 1960 ) , " o assalto ao trem pagador " ( 1962 ) and " pra quem fica , tchau " ( 1971 ) . he was born in nova friburgo , rio de janeiro.farias died of stomach cancer in rio de janeiro on may 14 , 2018 at the age of 86 .
hari bansha acharya ( ; born november 12 , 1957 ) also known by his character haribahadur , is a nepalese actor , comedian , singer and writer . he is one of the most successful and respected comedians in the nepalese entertainment industry . he is known for his method acting . he and madan krishna shrestha make up the comedy duo maha jodi . he is well known for being able to play different kinds of parts . he is also a professional writer and has written famous books called " china haraeko manche " and " hari bahadur " after the death of his first wife , he married his second wife , ramila pathak .
st. mark 's , ( s. marco ) in florence , italy is a church and domincan convent . the church also has the museum of st. mark ( museo di s. marco ) which shows paintings by fra angelico.the domincan convent was begun in the early 1400s . the first " prior " ( head man ) was st. antoninus of florence . the famous painter known as fra angelico was one of the first of the dominican friars to live and work there . he later became the prior . the land for the convent was given to the friars by cosimo medici . the monks lived in small rooms called " cells " . cosimo had a cell built for himself , where he could stay sometimes . between 1447 and 1452 cosimo got his favourite architect , michelozzo , to build a large new library and improve other parts of the building . in the late 1700s , the facade ( front ) of the building was rebuilt in a classical style.in 1490 , the prior of st. marks was a famous domincan called savonarola . he lived in the cell that had once belonged to cosimo medici . he was a great preacher . he disliked cosimo 's grandson , lorenzo medici , who was often called " lorenzo the magnificent " ( lorenzo il magnifico ) . he thought that lorenzo had too much power and was acting like a prince . he preached against lorenzo , against the pope and against the roman catholic church . he told everyone that the end of the world was near . many people became frightened or depressed by the things that he said . pope alexander vi had savonarola arrested . he was tortured and put to death in 1498 . 60 years later , the church agreed that , in fact , he had said nothing wrong .
mildred dresselhaus ( born mildred spiewak ; november 11 , 1930 – february 20 , 2017 ) , also known as the " queen of carbon science " , was an american nanotechnologist . she was the first female institute professor and professor emerita of physics and electrical engineering at the massachusetts institute of technology . she also won many awards including the presidential medal of freedom , the national medal of science , the enrico fermi award and the vannevar bush award.dresselhaus was born in brooklyn , new york . she was married to gene dresselhaus and had four children . she was of jewish descent.dresselhaus died on february 20 , 2017 in cambridge , massachusetts , at the age of 86 .
a butter cake is a cake with butter as a main ingredient.the traditional english pound cake used equal parts of butter , flour , sugar , and eggs to produce a heavy , rich cake . this was the first butter cake . the invention of baking powder during the 19th century made it possible to have lighter , fluffier cakes using these same ingredients , making the modern butter cake.butter cakes are often made by beating the butter and sugar until fluffy . this is called creaming . eggs are added , then the other ingredients.butter cakes taste best when stored at room temperature , because they dry out and lose taste when refrigerated.butter cakes are high in fat because they contain so much butter .
mr. thomas andrews was enrolled into the royal belfast at age 11 and left at the age of 16 so that he could go and work for harland and wolf as a premium apprentice . at the end of his apprentice he would be guaranteed a position at the shipyard . mr. andrews was made manager of the construction works in 1901 ; in 1901 he was awarded with the honor of being manager director . andrews as a child had a rich home , good family and his parents were able to support him and his family very well . his father was a distinguished local politician and his mother eliza was lord william parries sister , his uncle was a high court judge and his brother who was to become northern irelands prime minister . mr. andrews was a first class passenger of the titanic and was born on february 7th 1873 and died on april 15th 1912 at sea . mr. andrews died while the ship was sinking ; one of the most famous legends of the sinking of the titanic is that he was last seen staring at the painting in the first class smoking room , making no attempt to save himself . but this story , which was published in a 1912 book ( thomas andrews : shipbuilder ) and therefore perpetuated , came from john stewart , a steward on the ship who in fact did leave the ship in boat n. 15 at approximately 1:40 a.m.there were testimonies of sightings of andrews after that moment . it appears that andrews stayed in the smoking room for some time to gather his thoughts , then he continued assisting with the evacuation . another reported sighting was of andrews frantically throwing deck chairs into the ocean for passengers to use as floating devices . andrews was then seen making his way to the bridge while carrying a lifebelt , possibly the same lifebelt andrews had draped over a chair in the smoke room . andrews was last seen leaving the ship at the last moment ; his body was never recovered.newspaper accounts of the disaster labeled andrews a hero . mary sloan , a stewardess on the ship , whom andrews persuaded to enter a lifeboat , later wrote in a letter : " mr. andrews met his fate like a true hero , realizing the great danger , and gave up his life to save the women and children of the titanic.in january 1914 the thomas andrews jr. memorial hall was opened in honor of the very loved thomas andrews .
sasha " the basha , pitbull " lakovic ( serbian : саша лаковић / " saša laković " ; september 7 , 1971 – april 25 , 2017 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey player . he played for 17 different professional teams during his career , but mostly known for playing with the new jersey devils . lakovic also played for four roller hockey teams in the mid-1990s . lakovic attempted to start a career in acting , landing a small role as russian ice hockey player boris mikhailov in the 2004 walt disney movie " miracle " . lakovic was diagnosed with brain cancer in october 2016 . he died from the disease on april 25 , 2017 in vancouver , aged 45 .
burghclere is a small village and civil parish in hampshire , england . according to the 2011 census , the village had a population of 1,152 people . it is near the border with west berkshire.there are three schools in burghclere : burghclere primary school and the clere school are both local authority schools . st michael 's school is an independent catholic school.burghclere is home to sandham memorial chapel , which is a national trust property that houses some of a 20th century artist stanley spencer 's paintings.burghclere has some beautiful rural scenery , so you can walk along the old railway , through many fields , or go for a hike . in the winter time , if it snows , beacon hill , or jacob 's ladder , are where many young people and older people gather for snowballing or sledging.church of the ascension is the church in burghclere . burghclere primary school uses it for their easter , harvest and christmas services . the burghclere primary school brass band occasionally plays at the church services . the church was consecrated in 1838 . the church had a spire added and it was restored during 1874 / 1875 and reopened on 13th may 1875 ( ascension day ) . there are six bells at the church , three were originally at all saints church in the village of newtown , another was acquired in 1838 and to commemorate the jubilees of queen victoria , two treble bells were added , one in 1887 and 1897 .
the queen 's gambit declined is a chess opening which starts with 1 . d4 d5 2 . c4 e6 . it is an old opening , and one of the most important . it is often used in top - class play . in this opening , called qgd for short , the struggle for the centre is the strategy of both players . unlike the queen 's gambit accepted , black keeps his pawn on d5 protected . a simple example : here white has more space , and black has to decide how to develop his pieces . it is easier to play the white pieces in this kind of position . however , overall , black players do as well with this defence as with most others . best for black in this position is 10 ... ne4 or 10 ... re8 .
natalie jane appleton howlett ( born 14 may , 1973 ) is a canadian pop singer and actress . she became famous as a member of the band all saints . during part of all saints ' five years of inactivity , she was a member of appleton with her younger sister nicole appleton . the sisters starred in the movie " honest " in 2000 . appleton was born in mississauga , ontario . her daughter was born in 1992 . she married her daughter 's father , carl robinson , in new york in 1993 . the couple divorced in 1995 . she married liam howlett of the prodigy in 2002 . the couple 's son was born in 2004 .
snot is an american hardcore punk band from santa barbara , california.snot was formed in 1995 by lead singer lynn strait and guitarist mike doling . the band then signed with geffen records and worked on their debut album " get some " which was released on may 27 , 1997 . snot performed on the ozzfest 1998 tour . lead singer lynn strait was arrested for indecent exposure in mansfield , massachusetts on july 9 , 1998 after he was dared by singer fred durst to exit nude from the oversized toilet prop that was used by limp bizkit in their performances . strait along with his boxer and band mascot dobbs died in a six - car crash on december 11 , 1998 after a pickup truck struck his car.the band would then disband after his death . the band would reunite and disband many times afterwards . their latest reunion was on february 11 , 2014 at the whisky a go go in hollywood .
nachos are a snack food made with tortilla chips and cheese . sometimes they have jalapeños , sauce , beans , guacamole or meat on them.ignacio " nacho " anaya created nachos at the victory club in 1940 when mamie finan , a regular customer , asked if anaya could bring her and three other women a different snack than usual . anaya went to the kitchen and spotted freshly fried pieces of corn tortillas . in a moment of culinary inspiration , he added melted cheese and pickled jalapeño strips . after tasting the snack anaya created , finan asked what it was called . anaya responded , " well , i guess we can just call them nacho 's special . " the dish was so popular , the owner of the victory club , roberto de los santos , put nacho 's special on the menu and the snack quickly spread throughout the world . when the victory club closed in 1961 , anaya opened his own restaurant , nacho 's .
the chin is the bottom part of the face . it is under the mouth and is the forward part of the jaw.the chin is unique to present - day humans , our species . it is not present in the anthropoid apes , nor in any other hominin . neanderthals did not have a human - type chin . in medical anatomy , the chin is called the " mental eminence " . its absence in " homo floresiensis " is grounds for thinking that small hominin was not of our species.it is thought that our chin may have become shaped like this to improve the muscle attachments of the lips and tongue . chins can be larger or smaller , depending on the person . even though chin sizes vary a lot , it is usually further forward than the rest of the face in normal humans .
walter breuning ( september 21 , 1896 – april 14 , 2011 ) was an american supercentenarian and former railroader , and at the time of his death the oldest living man in the world after the death of british world war i - veteran henry allingham ( who was 15 weeks , 2 days older ) on july 18 , 2009 , and the oldest living man in the united states since december 27 , 2008 upon the death of george francis ( who was born on the same day as allingham ) . he was also a colorectal cancer survivor.breuning was born on september 21 , 1896 in melrose , minnesota . breuning was married to agnes c. breuning ( née twokey ) from 1922 until her death in 1957 . lastly he married margaret breuning ( née vanest ) from 1958 until her death in 1975 . from march 31 , 2011 ( the same day as shelby harris , who succeeded breuning as the oldest living man in the united states , celebrated his 110th birthday ) , breuning was hospitalized for an unspecified illness , possibly pneumonia . he died of natural causes at the hospital on april 14 , 2011 at 3.30 pm aged 114 years , 205 days as the third - youngest of only six men ( before jiroemon kimura became the oldest man ever in late 2012 ) who have become at least 114 years old , and was survived by his niece , 3 nephews , and a great niece and nephews . he was succeeded as the oldest living man by japaneseman jiroemon kimura , who was 30 weeks younger and later become the oldest man ever . breuning and kimura were , after 110 - year - old japaneseman tokio watanabe 's death on february 6 , 2010 , the last two living men born before 1900 , as well as the only two men born before 1900 who were still living in the 2nd decade of the 21st century ( 2011 – 2020 ) .
nigel david short mbe ( born 1 june 1965 in leigh , lancashire ) is often regarded as the strongest english chess player of the 20th century . he became a grandmaster at age 19 . he challenged for the world chess championship against garry kasparov at london 1993 . still active , short continues to enjoy international success . he is also a chess columnist , coach and commentator.short 's best achievement was in the world candidates matches of 1992 , when he beat world - class players boris gelfand , anatoly karpov and jan timman to reach the final . in the world championship match , london 1993 , he was decisively beaten by the reigning world champion , gary kasparov . the match caused controversy because the two players broke away from fide , for reasons mostly to do with the prize money.short has played 21 times for england in chess olympiads , and european and world team championships . he has been living in greece with his wife and children for a number of years .
mogilev region , also mahilyow voblasts ( province ) or mogilyov oblast is a province ( voblast ) of belarus . the administrative center is mogilyov ( mahilyow ) . mogilev and homyel voblasts suffered severely after the chernobyl nuclear radioactive reactor catastrophe in april 1986 . important cities in the voblast are : mogilyov , asipovichy , and babruysk.many rivers flow through the mahilyow voblast . they include the : dnieper river ( dniapro ) , berezina , sozh , druts , pronya and ptsich rivers.there are 21 districts ( raions ) , 195 selsovets , 14 towns , 3 city municipalities , and 12 urban - type settlements .
the kingdom of saxony ( ) , existed from 1806 until 1918 . from 1871 it was part of the german empire , and after world war i it became part of the weimar republic . its capital was the city of dresden , and its modern successor state is the free state of saxony.before 1806 saxony was the electorate of saxony in the holy roman empire . this meant that the princes who ruled saxony were prince - elector and could help elect a new holy roman emperor.when emperor francis ii was defeated by napoleon at the battle of austerlitz and the empire was dissolved the electorate became an independent kingdom . the last elector of saxony became king frederick augustus i.after the battle of jena in 1806 , saxony joined the confederation of the rhine , and remained within the confederation until it broke up in 1813 when napoleon was defeated at the battle of leipzig.the catholic ruler of saxony was one of the few german leaders to support the french . saxony was put under russian occupation and 40 % of the kingdom , including the historically significant wittenberg , home of the protestant reformation , was taken by prussia , but frederick augustus was allowed back to rule the remainder of his kingdom , which still included the major cities of dresden and leipzig . the kingdom also joined the german confederation , the new organization of the german states to replace the holy roman empire .
an epistle ( from the , " epistolē " , meaning " letter " ) is a writing sent to a person or group of people . it is usually written as a formal letter . it was common in ancient egypt , being taught to scribes . the letters in the new testament from apostles to christians are usually referred to as epistles . those letters said to have been written by paul are known as the pauline epistles and the others as the general epistles.the epistles of cicero , and of pliny the younger tell a lot about life at the time of the romans . ovid produced a number of letters while he was in exile at coast of the black sea , seneca 's letters influenced many epistle - writers of later times .
in christianity , the sign of the dove was a prearranged sign by which john the baptist would recognize the messiah.the four gospels each record an account of the sign of the dove.matt . 3:16 ( mark 1:10 ; luke 3:22 ; john 1:32 ) " and jesus , when he was baptized , went up straightway out of the water : and , lo , the heavens were opened unto him , and he saw the spirit of god descending like a dove , and lighting upon him . " the sign of the dove is also recorded in the book of mormon .1 ne . 11:2 " abide upon him in the form of a dove . " 2 ne . 31:8 ( d & c 93:15 ) " holy ghost descended upon him in the form of a dove . " abr . fac . 2 , fig . 7 sign of the holy ghost ... in the form of a dove.joseph smith taught : " " the sign of the dove was instituted before the creation of the world , a witness for the holy ghost , and the devil can not come in the sign of a dove . the holy ghost is a personage , and is in the form of a personage . it does not confine itself to the form of the dove , but in sign of the dove . the holy ghost can not be transformed into a dove ; but the sign of a dove was given to john who had baptized jesus to signify the truth of the deed , as the dove is an emblem or token of truth and innocence . " " in hebrew , jonah ( יוֹנָה ) means dove . the " sign of jonas " in mat 16:1 - 4 is related to the " sign of the dove " .
charles edward " charlie " daniels ( october 28 , 1936 – july 6 , 2020 ) was an american country singer - songwriter and musician . he played a fiddle and country rock music . his best known song was " the devil went down to georgia " . he was honored into the cheyenne frontier days hall of fame in 2002 , the grand ole opry in 2008 , the musicians hall of fame and museum in 2009 , and the country music hall of fame in 2016 . daniels was born in wilmington , north carolina . daniels was married to hazel daniels from 1963 until his death . they had a son , charlie daniels , jr. , and three grandchildren.daniels died from a stroke on july 6 , 2020 in nashville , tennessee at the age of 83 .
pororo the little penguin is a south korean 3d computer animation series planned by iconix entertainment and produced by ocon , sk broadband , and ebs . each season has 52 episodes and three seasons have been aired in south korea until now . in 2003 , season 1 was aired in 27 november 2003 in korean channel , ebs . in the beginning , 22 episodes of season 1 were made by north korean company , samcholli . about 110 countries imported pororo and aired it . pororo is so loved by children in korea and he is perceived as an idol of children , so he is called bbo - tong - ryung ( 뽀통령 in korean ) which means president pororo .
" old macdonald had a farm " is a children 's song . it tells of the different animals found on a farm and the sounds they make . animals include a cow , a duck , a sheep , and any other animals the singer cares to imitate . a typical verse : < poem > " old macdonald had a farm , e-i-e-i-o ! " " and on this farm he had a cow , e-i-e-i-o ! " " with a moo - moo here , " " and a moo - moo there , " " here a moo , there a moo , " " everywhere a moo - moo , " " old macdonald had a farm e-i-e-i-o ! " < / poem >
michel legrand ( 24 february 1932 – 26 january 2019 ) was a french musical composer , arranger , conductor , and pianist . he was born courbevoie , in present - day france.legrand was a well - known composer . he has written over 200 movie and television scores , as well as many memorable songs.he was best known for his movie music , such as " the umbrellas of cherbourg " ( 1964 ) and " the thomas crown affair " ( 1968 ) . " the thomas crown affair " featured the song " the windmills of your mind " . legrand won his first academy award for this song . he would win another academy award in 1971 for " summer of '42 " . legrand died suddenly from sepsis after suffering from a lung infection in paris on 26 january 2019 at the age of 86 .
helen bates " penny " chenery tweedy ( january 27 , 1922 – september 16 , 2017 ) was an american sportswoman . she was born in new rochelle , new york . chenery bred and raced secretariat , the 1973 winner of the triple crown . in addition to breeding secretariat , chenery bred saratoga dew , who became the first new york - bred horse to ever win an eclipse award when the filly was voted the 1992 american champion three - year - old filly.in march 2011 , randolph - macon college in ashland , virginia awarded chenery an honorary doctor of laws degree.chenery died on september 16 , 2017 at her home in boulder , colorado from complications from a stroke at the age of 95 .
legislature is a word that comes from the latin language , meaning " those who write the laws . " a legislature is therefore a group of people who vote for new laws , for example in a state or country.each person in the legislature is usually either elected or appointed . the constitution of that state or country usually tells how a legislature is supposed to work.in many countries , the legislature is called a parliament , congress , or national assembly . sometimes there are two groups of members in the legislature . this is called a " " bicameral " " legislature . a unicameral legislature has only one group of members.a country , district , city , or other small area may also have something like a legislature . these are often called councils , and they make smaller laws for their areas . [ [ file : unibicameral map.png | 400px | thumb |
miriam margolyes ( born 18 may 1941 ) is an english - australian actress . she is best known for her role as professor sprout in the " harry potter " movie series . she also appeared appeared in the movies " the age of innocence " ( 1993 ) , which won her a bafta award , " babe " ( 1995 ) , and " " ( 1998 ) . she has appeared in television series such as " merlin " , " doc martin " and " the sarah jane adventures " . margolyes was born in oxford , oxfordshire . she was the daughter of ruth ( née walters ; 1905 – 1974 ) , a property investor and developer , and joseph margolyes ( 1899 – 1996 ) , a scottish physician from glasgow . she was grew up in a jewish family and her ancestors are from poland and belarus . she is a lesbian and has been with her partner heather for over forty years . she has also been an australian citizen since 2013 .
an extratropical cyclone ( also called a mid-latitude cyclone ) is a type of cyclone . it is a large low - pressure weather area with clouds , rain and heavy wind . they occur in areas that are between latitudes 30 ° – 60 ° from the equator . they are not the same as tropical cyclones or low - pressure weather areas from polar zones . they are actually many masses of cold and warm fronts producing rain , heavy wind , and sometimes tornadoes and even hail.an extratropical cyclone turns anticlockwise in the northern hemisphere . the shape is circular or oval . the usual size in diameter is about 1000 km . these cyclones are usually connected with fronts . a front is a system of changes in weather . it is caused by a very cold air mass meeting a very hot air mass . in the cyclone , there is a system of warm front and cold front . the center of a cyclone is cloudier . there is also a very high chance of precipitation . the wind is strong and changes its direction , as the warm front passes . the weather is stable and fog is usual . as the cold front passes , there is a change of wind , the temperature decreases and rain is also common.some extratropical cyclones are made from tropical cyclones that become weak but do not die when they move over cold water . sometimes , these weather areas can become even stronger than before as they turn into extratropical cyclones . when made from tropical cyclones , they can still have an eye ( a place in the middle of a tropical cyclone that is not as windy , cloudy , or rainy ) . european windstorms are sometimes made when wind from the northwestern part of the atlantic carry them more east and north towards europe . nor'easter s often hit northeastern north america , and are made when it is cold , most often in late fall . wind from the west part of the atlantic moves them north . they become stronger , and drop snow on the areas it moves into . when a nor'easter drops in pressure and become stronger , by more than one millibar every hour , it is called a weather bomb . hurricane hazel was extratropical but still hurricane - level when it hit toronto , for example.cyclonal defects usually occur in series called " the families of the cyclones " . usually , there is a belt of 3 or 4 cyclones in different stages . the cyclone has several stages of evolution . first , there is a stage of the origin of a cyclone . second stage means that the cyclone is strengthening . at that moment , both the warm and cold front are very large . the system is moving very fast . the cold front is generally faster , which means that it runs down the warm one . this causes an occluded front . the weather is similar to both types of fronts . the third stage ends with filling of the area with air . the pressure rises . stage four means that the signs of cyclonal weather disappear .
ian william richardson ( 7 april 1934 – 9 february 2007 ) was a scottish actor who was well known for his role as francis urquhart in " house of cards " . he won a drama desk award in 1976 . richardson was born on 7 april 1934 in edinburgh , scotland . he was raised in balgreen , edinburgh . richardson studied at balgreen primary school , at tynecastle high school , at the george heriot 's school , and at the college of dramatic arts . he was married to maroussia frank from 1961 until his death in 2007 . they had a son , miles . richardson died on 9 february 2007 in london , england from a heart attack , aged 72 .
the biceps brachii is a muscle in the arm . it has two parts , a long part and a short part . using the elbow the muscle helps the movement of the forearm . when the muscle shortens , it bends the elbow and twists the forearm so that the palm faces up . the two parts of the muscle start on different parts of the shoulder blade and end together on the forearm.the biceps is also a muscle in other quadrupeds . in humans , the muscle is more complex , and allows more complex movement than in other quadrupeds.the word biceps literally means two - headed , and refers to the fact that the muscle attaches to two different parts of the shoulder . in quadrupeds , the muscle only attaches at one point of the shoulder .
roblox ( stylized as roblox ) is a website and virtual sandbox made by founders david bazucki and erik cassel where players make their own massively multiplayer online games for other players to play . the concept of roblox was developed in 1997 , and roblox was founded in 2005 as " dynablocks " . roblox publishes the players ' games using the programming language called lua . players make their games using a simpler version of this program . as of now , roblox has been removed from the truste program . it is listed in the better business bureau with a poor rating.first appearing in the 2005 beta release of roblox , the death sound has remained a staple element in it 's 10 + year history . the sound effect triggers when a " humanoid 's " ( the character models controlled by players ) health reaches zero , out of a base maximum of 100 . since the worlds are crafted primarily by the players , this can be achieved by having the hit boxes assigned to the body parts of a humanoid struck by tools that are purposefully coded to decrease the health ( such as spike traps , or falling into the void of a map , for examples ) . based on the speed of the humanoid , the sound effect would be changed . players would attempt to make their characters move as fast as possible in the hopes of hearing the sound effect drastically pitch shifted.on 26 february 2020 , it was announced roblox received $ 4 billion .
donald francis michael " don " hastings ( born april 1 , 1934 ) is a american actor , singer , and writer . he was born in new york city . his brother was actor bob hastings.hastings is best known for his 50 - year role as dr. robert " bob " hughes on the cbs soap opera " as the world turns " . hastings was the third actor to play hughes and is the longest serving cast member of an american television soap opera , after the death of matriarch helen wagner of the same series.his career began in 1947 . he is married to actress leslie denniston . hastings has four children : three from his first marriage and one with denniston.hastings lives in millerton , new york .
michael a. smerconish ( born march 15 , 1962 ) is a talk show host . he has a radio program on sirius xm satellite radio . he has a television program on cable news network ( cnn ) . he is a lawyer in philadelphia , pennsylvania for the law firm kline and specter . smerconish is a columnist for the philadelphia inquirer . he has often been a guest host for other talk show hosts . this includes joe scarborough of msnbc and bill o'reilly of fox news network.smerconish had worked for the campaigns of republicans in the past . he had voted republican . in 2008 , he said he would vote for the democratic presidential candidate barack obama . he made this announcement on msnbc 's " hardball with chris matthews " . on august 20 , 2009 , smerconish became the first talk radio host to broadcast live from the obama white house . that show which included an interview with the president . the interview was held in the diplomatic reception room . that is where president franklin d. roosevelt 's fireside chats were held . the president took questions from smerconish and his listeners on a variety of subjects . one subject was the recent debates on the pending healthcare reform bill . smerconish has interviewed obama six other times.in 2010 , smerconish said in the " huffington post " that he had switched his party registration from republican to independent . when it was said that david duke had been tied to republican house leader steve scalise in the past , smerconish interviewed duke to discuss this .
emir ( ; female : ' ; emira ; ( persian and urdu : ' ) " commander " or " general " , also " prince " ; also transliterated as amir , aamir or ameer ) is a high title of nobility or office . it is used throughout the arab world and historically in some turkic states and afghanistan . emirs are usually considered high - ranking sheiks , but in monarchical states the term is also used for princes ; then " emirate " means more or less the same as principality in this context.emir is used also as a name in turkey like emir niego and emir sevinc . " emir " is the most common spelling in english and many other languages ( for example , united arab emirates ) . the spelling " amir " , that is closer to the original arabic , is more common for its compounds ( e.g. , admiral ) and in individual names .
the mercator projection is a cylindrical map projection which is widely used in cartography today . it was developed by gerardus mercator in 1569 . it is not a physical projection , and can not be constructed using geometric tools . on a small scale , geometric shapes can be moved around the map , without distorting them ( this property is known as conformity ) . as a downside , the scale of the shape and the direction of lines may change when shapes are moved . for example , africa is actually 15 times larger than greenland , but on this map projection they look the same size.today , mercator projections are mainly used for maps .
the height of this pass is 3738 m above sea level , it connects gupis , gilgit with chitral . the top is flat , a plateau and can be crossed between late april and early november . the grade is very gradual , and the area is crossed by small streams of trout . grazing in summer is plentiful.every year there is a polo match played on shandur top between a team from chitral and a team from gilgit.shandur top is one of the four major mountain passes to enter chitral . the others are dorah pass from badakshan in afghanistan , lowari pass from dir , and broghol pass from the wakhan corridor in afghanistan.the people who live on both sides of shandur top speak the khowar language .
jay inslee , the governor of washington , announced his campaign for the 2020 united states presidential election on march 1 , 2019 . he is running as a democrat and is the first governor to enter the democratic primary race . inslee 's campaign will focus around climate change and environmental issues.inslee is the first washingtonian politician to run for president since senator henry m. jackson in 1976 . he was chairman of the democratic governors association in 2018 , and also was a co-chair of the united states climate alliance.inslee made his announcement at a solar panel provider 's warehouse in the mount baker in seattle.inslee ended his campaign on august 21 , 2019 citing low polling numbers .
bel canto is a way of singing in opera . it comes from the italian , meaning " beautiful singing " . bel canto singing means singing beautifully , flexibly and smoothly , delivering high and low notes in a similar style so that all the notes of a singer 's range sound even from top to bottom . bel canto singing started when opera began in the 1600s , but the term " bel canto " is normally used for operas written in the early 19th century . the operas of rossini , bellini and donizetti need bel canto singing . the term " bel canto " was not used at the time . people only started talking about " bel canto " in the mid-to-late 19th century , when a lot of new operas by composers such as richard wagner appeared . these new operas had to have singers with big , dramatic voices if they were to sound good.bel canto - style operas came back into fashion in the 1950s , having been out of favour for the previous 50 or 60 years . today , some of the most popular operas are bel canto ones . famous bel canto singers of recent times include the sopranos maria callas , joan sutherland , montserrat caballé , beverly sills and the tenors francisco araiza , juan diego florez , alfredo kraus , luciano pavarotti.mathilde marchesi was a famous 19th - century bel canto teacher .
the international baccalaureate , or ib , is a well - known advanced school program . it is taught in english , french and spanish in more than 140 countries.students earn an ib diploma after passing exams and completing the program requirements . they have to take classes in 6 subject areas . this is more than most countries.the six subject areas are : language 1 ( first language ) , language 2 ( second language ) , math , science , world studies , and electives . history , literature , geography , and economics are all world studies subjects . students also have the option of taking a second science class instead of an elective.students have to write a 4000 - word paper called an extended essay , take a philosophy class called theory of knowledge , and complete 150 hours of cas ( creativity , action , service ) . students have to do to 3 subjects at higher level ( hl ) and 3 subjects at standard level ( sl ) . hl classes are longer and more complex , although sl classes are still somewhat more challenging than regular program classes.ib is studied in most countries , but some schools study the ib differently .
kalle kustaa topias könkkölä ( 16 january 1950 – 11 september 2018 ) was a finnish politician and human rights activist . he was a member of the green league party . he was a member of finnish parliament from 1983 to 1987 . he was the second green politican to become an mp , even before the green league was a political party . he was also the first chairperson of the green league and the first finnish mp with a disability.könkkölä was born in helsinki . he was physically disabled from birth . he was married to architect maija könkkölä from 1976 until her death in 2012 . könkkölä died of pneumonia on 11 september 2018 , at the age of 68 .
2019 pulwama attack was an attack on the indian security guards by a suicide bomber on 14 february 2019 . it happened at lethpora in the pulwama district , jammu and kashmir , india . the attack resulted in the deaths of 40 central reserve police force ( crpf ) guards and the attacker.the pakistan - based islamist militant group ( terrorist group ) jaish - e-mohammed was responsible for this attack . a jaish - e-mohammed member named adil ahmad dar , a kashmiri local , was identified as the attacker.after the pulwama attack entire indian national cricket team thought that they would wear an army to honor martyrs former captain mahendra singh dhoni asked virat kohli to do this .
final fantasy v is a medieval fantasy role - playing video game . it is developed and published by square ( now square enix ) . it was first made in 1992 as a part of the " final fantasy " series . the game first appeared only in japan on nintendo 's super famicom . it has been remade with little differences to sony 's playstation and nintendo 's game boy advance.the original video animation produced in 1994 called " " is a sequel to the game . it was released on the playstation network on april 6 , 2011 in japan . the game was released for iphone and ipad on march 28th , 2013 . a version of the game was created for the nintendo game boy advance in 2006 . it has many weapons , items , armors and 22 jobs . some jobs are secret and can only be unlocked in the gba version.the game begins when a wanderer named bartz investigates a fallen meteor . he meets several characters . one tells him about the danger the four crystals that control the world 's elements . these crystals act like a seal on exdeath . exdeath is an evil magician . bartz and his friends have to keep the crystals from being used by exdeath . " final fantasy v " has been praised for its character customization . this is possible because of the large job system . the first super famicom version sold more than two million copies . the playstation version has earned " greatest hits " status . it has sold more than 350,000 copies .
daniel handler ( born february 28 , 1970 ) is the real name of lemony snicket , author of the popular " a series of unfortunate events " books . he graduated from lowell high school and from wesleyan university in 1992 . he is a native of san francisco and went to the san francisco boys chorus . he calls himself the fake name of lemony snicket in the books , as well as in lemony 's autobiography . the autobiography is listed as fiction . after several years of writing the books , daniel let the public know that he was behind the name of lemony snicket.he is married to lisa brown and had their first child , otto , in october of 2003 . he finished 13 books to complete the series of unfortunate events.it is also believed by some people that his wife , author and illustrator lisa brown could possibly be the " beatrice " that handler writes his books for .
the second triumvirate was an alliance between octavian , mark antony and lepidus . it was formed to punish the conspirators who assassinated julius caesar.the triumvirate lasted from 43 bc to 33 bc . it ended the effort by marcus tullius cicero to make the senate once again the top body of the republic . from then on rome was ruled by an emperor.the triumvirate army , led by octavian and mark antony , defeated the conspirators ' army led by cassius and brutus . the war ended with the battle of philippi in roman macedonia in 42 bc . cassius and brutus committed suicide and the remainder of their army joined the triumvirate forces .
nicole bass - fuchs ( august 10 , 1964 – february 17 , 2017 ) was an american bodybuilder , actress , professional wrestler and manager . she worked for companies such as extreme championship wrestling , world wrestling federation , xtreme pro wrestling and the national wrestling alliance . she made many appearances as a guest on " the howard stern show " . she was a member of stern 's wack pack.bass was born in queens , new york . she married richard " bob " fuchs in 1985 . fuchs died in 2013 . bass was taken to the hospital in new york city after having a stroke in february 2017 . she was said to be brain dead on february 16 , 2017 after having a heart attack . her life support was removed on february 17 , dying at the age of 52 .
lincoln square , located on the north side of the city of chicago , illinois , is one of 77 well - defined chicago community areas . the city 's largest cemetery , rosehill cemetery , is located here.greater lincoln square is made up of the smaller neighborhoods of ravenswood gardens , bowmanville , budlong woods and lincoln square ( neighborhood ) . although it is sometimes known by these other names the city of chicago officially designated it as lincoln square in 1925 . according to the encyclopedia of chicago , the neighborhood make - up of ravenswood and lincoln square is a common mistake — the two are not different . the boundaries of the original ravenswood subdivision , drawn in 1869 , were montrose , lawrence , clark and damen .
uranium - 235 is a radioactive isotope of uranium . uranium - 235 has 143 neutrons , 92 protons , and an isotope mass of 235.0439299 . uranium - 235 has pa , np , and pu as its parent isotopes . as it decays , it produces th . uranium - 235 has a half - life of 703.8 million years . uranium - 235 makes up about 0.72 % of natural uranium . when it is separated from the other uranium isotopes , it is called enriched uranium.enriched uranium is best known for its use in the bombing of hiroshima on august 6 , 1945 . the bomb called little boy used uranium - 235 . uranium - 235 can be used for nuclear fission . this fission is about 504.81 barns for slow thermal neutrons and 1 barn for fast thermal neutrons . uranium - 235 was discovered in 1935 by arthur jeffrey dempster .
habib mohebian ( ; 27 september 1947 – 10 june 2016 ) , commonly known as habib , was an iranian singer - songwriter . he was born in tehran.habib has many hit songs such as “ marde tanhaye shab ” , “ shahla ” , and “ madar ” . the song “ shahla ” was inspired after listening to an azeri performer . however , there is a common misconception that shahla has been inspired by habib ’s ex-wife ( the name of his ex-wife is shaadi and not shahla ) . habib died on june 10 , 2016 in ramsar , mazandaran , iran , from a heart attack , aged 68 .
the spanish treasure fleet , or west indies fleet from spanish " flota de indias " , was a convoy system adopted by the spanish empire from 1566 to 1790 . it linked spain with its territories in america across the atlantic . the convoys were general purpose cargo fleets used for transporting a wide variety of items . these included agricultural goods , lumber , various metal resources , luxuries , silver , gold , gems , pearls , spices , sugar , tobacco , silk , and other exotic goods from the spanish empire . they were sent to the spanish mainland . passengers and goods such as textiles , books and tools were transported in the opposite direction . the west indies fleet was the first permanent transatlantic trade route in history . similarly , the manila galleons were the first permanent trade route across the pacific .
in some non-technical contexts or in jargon , " parameter " may simply be a synonym for criterion.in mathematics , statistics , and the mathematical sciences , parameters ( l : " auxiliary measure " ) are quantities that define certain relatively constant characteristics of systems or functions.most commonly represented θ in general form , other symbols carry standard , specific meanings . when evaluating the function over a domain or determining the response of the system over a period of time , the independent variables are modulated , while the parameters are held constant . the function or system may then be reevaluated or reprocessed with different parameters , to give a function or system with different behavior.loosely speaking , the term parameter is used for an argument which is intermediate in status between a variable and a constant .
geoffrey gurrumul yunupingu ( 22 january 1971 – 25 july 2017 ) , often known simply as gurrumul , was an indigenous australian musician . he was best known as a singer . most of his songs are sung in galpu , gumatj or djambarrpuyngu , which are all languages of the yolngu people of northeastern arnhem land . he plays the guitar , drums , keyboards and " yidaki " ( didgeridoo ) . gurrumul was born at galiwin ' ku , on elcho island , off the coast of arnhem land . he belongs to the gumatj clan of the yolngu , and his mother is from the galpu clan . he was born blind . although a few of his songs are written and sung in english , he does not speak the language . he is also said to be very shy , and does not normally speak during performances.gurrumul was a founding member of the band yothu yindi . he played in this band for almost ten years , until 1995 . he formed saltwater band a few years later and remains their lead singer . he released his first solo album , " gurrumul " , in 2008 . it was highly successful , and won several awards . it peaked at # 3 on the aria charts and # 1 on the independent chart . gurrumul was nominated for four aria awards , and won two of them ( best world music album and best independent release ) . he also won three deadly awards : artist of the year , album of the year for " gurrumul " and single of the year for " gurrumul history ( i was born blind ) " . at the independent music awards , he won best new independent artist , as well as best independent release and best independent blues / roots release for " gurrumul " . he won the award for best independent blues and roots album again in 2011 , for " rrakala " . yunupingu died at royal darwin hospital , northern territory on 25 july 2017 of kidney and liver failure . he was aged 46 .
valparai is a town in the district of coimbatore of tamil nadu . valparai is 100 km away from the district headquarters coimbatore . areas in valparai are mostly owned by private tea companies and large forest areas . it is a hill station , located 3500 feet ( 1100m ) height above sea level on the anaimalai hills range of the western ghats.earliest records say that in 1846 ramasamy mudaliar started a coffee plantation here . later in 1864 , the karnatic coffee company started a coffee plantation in this area . in 1890 , w.wintil and nordan bought this area from the madras state government ( present tamil nadu ) under the british raj . mr.wintil deforested the forest areas in valparai to cultivate tea and coffee.according to the 2011 census , valparai has a population of 70,859 with sex ratio of 1013 per 1000 males and literacy rate 78.47 % . 59.68 % of the population consist of scheduled castes and 1.75 % population of the scheduled tribes .
rose lomathinda chibambo ( 8 september 1928 – 12 january 2016 ) was a known british - born malawi politician and activist . she was the protectorate of nyasaland in the years leading up to independence as the state of malawi in 1964 , and immediately after.she was imprisoned in 1959 , while pregnant with her 5th child , along with other malawians whom the federal government felt were a threat to british rule . after malawi gained independence , chibambo was the first woman minister in the new cabinet . she was forced into exile for thirty years , returning after the restoration of democracy.on 1 january 2012 , she was honored by being place on malawi ’s 200 kwacha banknote.chibambo died from a heart attack at a hospital in blantyre , malawi at the age of 87 .
the tower of babel ( , " migdal bavel " ) story in genesis 11:1 – 9 is an origin myth meant to explain why the world 's peoples speak different languages.according to the story , a united humanity in the generations following the great flood , speaking a single language and migrating westward , comes to the land of shinar ( ) . there they agree to build a city and a tower tall enough to reach heaven . god , observing their city and tower , felt and insulted and confused the humans so that they can no longer understand each other . he then scatters them around the world.some modern scholars have associated the tower of babel with known structures , notably the etemenanki , a ziggurat dedicated to the mesopotamian god marduk in babylon . a sumerian story with some similar elements is told in " enmerkar and the lord of aratta " .
librivox is a group of worldwide volunteers who read and record public domain texts creating free public domain audiobooks for download from their website and other digital library hosting sites on the internet . it was founded in 2005 by hugh mcguire to provide " acoustical liberation of books in the public domain " and the librivox objective is " to make all books in the public domain available , for free , in audio format on the internet " . on 6 august 2016 , the project completed project number 10,000 . and from 2009 – 2017 was producing about 1,000 items per year . most releases are in the english language , but many non-english works are also available . there are multiple affiliated projects that are providing additional content . librivox is closely affiliated with project gutenberg from where the project gets some of its texts , and the internet archive that hosts their offerings .
abenaki , or abnaki , is an endangered algonquian language of quebec and the northern states of new england . the language has eastern and western forms . they differ in vocabulary and phonology . they are sometimes considered distinct languages.eastern abenaki languages were spoken by several peoples , including the micmac , maliseet , passamaquoddy , and penobscot of coastal maine . the last known fluent speaker of eastern abenaki ( penobscot ) died during the 1990s . however , several penobscot elders still speak penobscot . there is an ongoing effort to preserve it and teach it in the local schools . only a handful of western abenaki speakers remain today .
shirley s. abrahamson ( born december 17 , 1933 ) is an american politician and lawyer . she is a member and former chief justice of the wisconsin supreme court . she was appointed to the court in 1976 by governor patrick lucey . she became first woman on wisconsin 's high court.she was the only woman on the court from 1976 until 1993 . abrahamson was re-elected to the supreme court in 1979 , 1989 , 1999 , and 2009 . she became chief justice on august 1 , 1996 and served until april 29 , 2015 . on may 30 , 2018 , abrahamson announced she would not seek re-election to the wisconsin supreme court in 2019 . in august 2018 , abrahamson announced she was diagnosed with cancer .
james wan ( born 27 february 1977 ) is an australian movie producer , screenwriter and movie director . he is best known for directing the horror movie " saw " ( 2004 ) and creating billy the puppet . he also directed the movies " dead silence " ( 2007 ) , " death sentence " ( 2007 ) , " insidious " ( 2010 ) , " the conjuring " ( 2013 ) , " " ( 2013 ) , " furious 7 " ( 2015 ) , " the conjuring 2 " ( 2016 ) and " aquaman " ( 2019 ) . wan and leigh whannell also served as executive producers for the " saw " franchise with the movies " saw ii " , " saw iii " , " saw iv " , " saw v " , " saw vi " , " saw 3d : the final chapter " , " " and " jigsaw " . he also served as a producer for the horror movie " the curse of la llorona " ( 2019 ) . wan was born in kuching , sarawak , malaysia to parents of chinese ancestry . he and his family moved to perth , western australia when he was seven , and later melbourne , victoria .
mutation breeding or variation breeding is the process of exposing seeds to chemicals or radiation . this will increase the number of mutations in the seed . these seeds can then be crossed with other cultivars to get desirable traits . plants created using mutagenesis are sometimes called mutagenic plants or mutagenic seeds . from 1930 to 2014 more than 3200 mutagenic plant varieties were released . 70 precent of these plants are direct mutants , thirty percent are the offspring of direct mutants . crop plants account for three quarters of released mutagenic species with the remaining quarter are ornamentals or decorative plants . even though the fao / iaea reported in 2014 that over 1,000 mutant varieties of major staple crops were being grown worldwide , it is unclear how many of these varieties are currently used in agriculture or horticulture around the world , as these seeds are not always identified or labeled as a mutagen or having a mutagenic provenance .
kauai ( kaua'i in hawaiian ) is the oldest and fourth largest of the main hawaiian islands , in the united states . known also as the " garden isle " , kaua'i lies 105 miles ( 170 kilometers ) across the kaua'i channel , northwest of honolulu on o'ahu . it is of volcanic origin . the highest point is mount waialeale , at the center of the island , 5,148 feet ( 1,570 meters ) above sea level . the wettest spot on earth , with average rainfall of 460 inches ( 11,648 millimeters ) a year , is just east of mount waialeale . the high yearly rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountain . it has made canyons with many scenic waterfalls.the city of lihue , on the island 's southeast side , is the seat of kauai county . it is the main city on the island . waimea , on the island 's southwest side and once the capital of kauai , was the first place visited by explorer captain james cook in 1778 . the city is at the head of one of the most beautiful canyons in the world , waimea canyon , whose gorge is 900 meters ( 3,000 feet ) deep.the island of kauai was featured in disney 's 2002 animated feature film " lilo & stitch " .
the 2007 – 08 uefa cup was the 37th uefa cup . it is uefa 's second - level club football tournament . the final was played at the city of manchester stadium , manchester , england on 14 may 2008 . the final was played between rangers of scotland and zenit st. petersburg of russia . zenit won the match 2 – 0 , with goals from igor denisov and konstantin zyryanov . it was their first uefa cup title . the first qualifying games were played on 19 july 2007 . the main tournament began on 20 september 2007 . a total of 123 football clubs took part in the tournament ( including its qualifying rounds ) . each european football nation is represented by a different number of its clubs . this number depends on the uefa coefficients . one new nation has entered their cup winner and second - placed football team : montenegro.the tournament 's top scorers were pavel pogrebnyak of zenit st. petersburg and luca toni of bayern munich , each with 10 goals .
james " jimmi " harkishin ( born rajan harkinshindas ; 19 march 1965 ) is a british actor best known for his role as shopkeeper dev alahan in " coronation street " , which he has played since 10 november 1999 . he also had a small role in the movie " east is east " as well as " bhaji on the beach " . harkishin played gary lobo in the " jonathan creek " episode " danse macabre " . harkishin was born in paris , france , to an indian father , deepak , and an italian mother , soni.he began acting in 1987 under the stage name james harkishin , and played the regular character of jose cuervo for 18 episodes between 1990 – 1993 in the children 's tv series " uncle jack " .
alfred lothar wegener ( 1 november 1880 – 13 november 1930 ) was a german scientist and meteorologist . he is most notable for his theory of continental drift , which he proposed in december 1912 . this was the idea that the continents were slowly drifting around the earth . he also had ideas about why the continents drift , which other scientists thought were impossible . his hypothesis was not accepted until the 1950s . then several discoveries gave evidence of continental drift , and of the actual causes.wegener was born in berlin and in 1904 he earned his phd in astronomy at the university of berlin . as a reserve officer of the german army he was called up in 1914 to fight in world war i . he was severely wounded in belgium and transferred to the army weather service . after the war he mainly did weather work .
saludos amigos is a 1942 movie that takes place in latin america , produced by walt disney productions and released by rko radio pictures . the sixth animated feature in the disney animated features canon , it is made up of four different segments ; donald duck stars in two of them and goofy stars in one . it also features the first appearance of josé carioca . " saludos amigos " was popular enough for a sequel , " the three caballeros " , to be produced two years later . the movie premiered in rio de janeiro on august 24 , 1942 . it was released in the united states on february 6 , 1943 . it got mixed reviews and was only rereleased once , in 1949 , when it was shown on a double bill with the first rerelease of " dumbo " . its title in spanish means , " hello , friends " . this was the first disney animated feature to be shown in south america before it was shown in the usa . at 42 minutes , this is the shortest disney feature to date .
the nematomorpha ( horsehair worms ) are a phylum of parasitic cycloneuralian animals . they look similar to nematode worms and live in similar environments , which is why their names are similar . they are sometimes called gordiacea . . they range in size from long and in extreme cases may be up to 2 meters long . they are in diameter . horsehair worms can be discovered in damp areas such as watering troughs , streams , puddles , and cisterns.about 326 species are known and an estimate suggests that there may be about 2000 species worldwide.fossilized worms have been reported from lower cretaceous burmese amber 100 – 110 million years ago .
roger mayweather ( april 24 , 1961 – march 17 , 2020 ) was an american professional boxer and trainer . he was born in grand rapids , michigan.mayweather competed from 1981 to 1999 , and until 2020 , had worked as a boxing trainer . he was a two - weight world champion , having held the wba and lineal super featherweight titles from 1983 to 1984 , and the wbc light welterweight title from 1987 to 1989 . he held the ibo light welterweight title in 1994 , and the ibo welterweight title from 1994 to 1995 . roger was a part of the mayweather boxing family : his brothers are floyd mayweather sr. and jeff mayweather , and his nephew is floyd mayweather jr. roger was mayweather jr. 's trainer from 2000 to 2012 . mayweather died on march 17 , 2020 in las vegas , nevada from diabetes - related problems , aged 58 .
teodoro obiang nguema mbasogo ( born june 5 1942 ) has been the president of equatorial guinea since 1979 . mbasongo did the military academy in zaragoza , spain . he came to power in a military coup , deposing the former leader francisco macías nguema . ngema had ruled the country for the previous decade . he was known to be very cruel . ngema was sentenced to death and executed by a firing squad . mbasonga promised to start over and to do a better job at governing the country.in 1982 , a new constitution was made . mbasogo was given the newly created post of president . he was re-elected in 1989 , 1996 and 2002 . in 1989 he was the only candidate , in the 1996 and 2002 , international observers said the election results were false.obiang 's regime kept clear authoritarian characteristics even after other parties were legalized in 1991 . most domestic and international observers consider his regime to be one of the most corrupt , ethnocentric , oppressive and undemocratic states in the world . equatorial guinea is now essentially a single - party state , dominated by obiang 's democratic party of equatorial guinea ( pdge ) . in 2008 american journalist peter maass called obiang africa 's worst dictator , worse than robert mugabe of zimbabwe . the constitution grants obiang wide powers , including the power to rule by decree . nonetheless , obiang has far less power than macías . for the most part his rule has been considerably milder . notably , there have been none of the atrocities that characterized the macías era.all but one member of the 100 - seat national parliament belong to the pdge or are aligned with it . the opposition is severely hampered by the lack of a free press to express their views . around 90 % of all opposition politicians live in exile , 550 anti-obiang activists have been jailed unfairly , and several killed since 1979 . in july 2003 , state - operated radio declared obiang to be a god who is " in permanent contact with the almighty " and " can decide to kill without anyone calling him to account and without going to hell . " he personally made similar comments in 1993 . despite these comments , he still claims that he is a devout catholic and was invited to the vatican by john paul ii and again by benedict xvi . macías had also proclaimed himself a god .
the autism rights movement is a social movement that wants changes for autistic people and their caregivers . it wants the autism spectrum to be accepted by society as just a difference in ability to function in daily life . it does not believe autism is a mental disorder that needs to be cured.the autism rights movement is sometimes controversial . it argues against the belief that most people with autism have low intelligence . some people in the movement do not agree that this is true . there is fear that professionals , such as social workers , may try to prevent autistics from being married or having children . also , people in the movement say that autistic people should not be treated differently from anyone else.the movement has a variety of goals : autism rights activists are sometimes called neurodiversity activists . neurodiversity is a word for how everyone 's brains are different . autistic people have different brains to people who do not have autism . people who do not have autism are called neurotypical people . the word ' neurodiversity ' is preferred to ' autism ' because it is not saying that autism is a medical condition . ' neurotypical ' is said instead of ' normal ' because people think that normal means better .
constant lambert ( born london , 23 august 1905 ; died london , 21 august 1951 ) was a british composer and conductor.lambert ’s father was the painter george washington lambert who had come to england from australia . lambert was often ill when he was a child . he went to school at christ 's hospital and won a scholarship to the royal college of music . he soon became interested in french and russian music . he became friends with other famous people including the sitwell family , william walton , philip heseltine and bernard van dieren . he and edith sitwell were the reciters at a performance of walton ’s " façade " . lambert was a prodigy : he was composing music for orchestra when he was only 13 , and when he was 20 he was asked to write a ballet for serge diaghilev 's world - famous ballets russes ( " romeo and juliet " ) . he soon became very famous . his best known work is " the rio grande " for piano solo , chorus and orchestra . it has a mixture of musical styles : jazz , habaneras and the influence of delius and duke ellington.during the 1930s he performed a lot as a conductor with the vic - wells ballet ( later the royal ballet ) , but he stopped composing music . lambert thought he had failed as a composer , and only finished two more big works in the last sixteen years of his life . he continued conducting , and appeared at covent garden and in bbc broadcasts , and travelled to europe and america conducting ballets . he was an excellent ballet conductor and helped the dancers to give their best performance.during the war he became ill . he refused to see a doctor . he was working very hard and also drinking a lot.lambert liked jazz and thought it was an important influence on popular culture of the time . he wrote a book about this , called " music ho ! " ( 1934 ) . the book is widely read today , although it shows a very personal approach to music.lambert was married twice . his first marriage was to florence kaye . he later married isabel nichols , an artist , in 1947 . after constant lambert 's death , isabel married the composer alan rawsthorne.lambert died on 21 august 1951 . he had pneumonia and it was also found that he had diabetes made worse by alcoholism .
jimmy eat world is an alternative rock band . they formed in mesa , arizona in 1994 . to date , they have released six studio albums . they may record one more album on their label for a 2009 release , but after that will consider self - releasing . they have released many singles , including " sweetness " , " the middle " , " bleed american " , " rockstar " , and " let it happen " . they used to be part of the emo scene and many would still call them that . however , the band has never liked that term and do not even understand that . while their albums do have considerable emo influences , the album " future " brought on a change of sound and a different fanbase .
mia amor mottley , qc , mp ( born 1 october 1965 ) is a barbadian politician and attorney who is the current and 8th prime minister of barbados since 25 may 2018 and the leader of the barbados labour party ( blp ) . she served her first term as leader of the barbados labour party ( blp ) form 7 february 2008 to 18 october 2010 and she served her second term as leader of the barbados labour party ( blp ) from 26 february 2013 to 25 may 2018 . mottley is the eight person to hold the position and role of prime minister of barbados and the first women to hold either positions and roles of prime minister of barbados and leader of the barbados labour party ( blp ) .
on a sailing vessel , a forestay , sometimes called a jibstay , or a headstay , is a piece of standing rigging . it keeps a mast from falling backwards . it is usually attached to the very top of the mast . the other end of the forestay is attached to the bow of the boat.often a sail is attached to the forestay . this sail may be a jib or a genoa . in a cutter rig , the jib or jibs are flown from stays in front of the forestay , perhaps going from the masthead to a bowsprit . the sail on the forestay is then referred to as the staysail . a forestay might be made from stainless steel wire or rod .
iron ores are rocks and minerals from which metallic iron can be economically extracted.iron ( fe ) is one of the most abundant rock - forming elements . it makes up about 5 % of the earth 's crust . it is the second most abundant and widely distributed metal ( aluminium is the most common ) . people have used it for more than 3,000 years . however , its use only became widespread in the 14th century , when smelting furnaces ( the forerunner of blast furnaces ) began to replace forges.the ores are usually rich in iron oxides and vary in colour from dark grey , bright yellow , deep purple , to rusty red .
kett 's rebellion was a fight in norfolk during the reign of edward vi of england . the rebellion was led by robert kett of wymondham , norfolk . it started in july 1549 . kett 's rebellion started in wymondham after a small group of peasants ( poor people ) got together to protest against barons , who had stolen the common land , leaving the poor people to die of hunger . the leader was robert kett . the peasants marched 16 kilometres into norwich and gathered on mousehold heath . they attracted the support of the poorer people of norwich.hundreds of peasants were killed and 300 were captured and executed in norwich . robert kett was captured , held in the tower of london and then hanged at norwich castle on 7 december 1549 .
michael nesmith ( born december 30 , 1942 ) is an american musician , songwriter , actor , producer , novelist , businessman and philanthropist.he was born in dallas , texas on december 30 , 1942 . his mother , bette nesmith graham invented liquid paper in 1951 and made the family very rich . in the 1960s , he moved to los angeles to start a recording career , he wrote the song " different drum " which was a hit for linda ronstadt and the stone poneys . in 1966 , he became a member of the monkees , a made - for - tv rock band , he left the group in 1969 and started a solo career . he is considered one of the forefathers of the country - rock movement of the 1970s with his song " joanne " , he also worked as a producer and is considered one of the pioneers of the music video industry . nesmith 's 1981 video - movie " elephant parts " won the first grammy award for a music video
warwick castle ( pron . ' worrick ' ) is a large castle in warwickshire , england . it is near the town of warwick . the castle was once the family home of the earls of warwick.there are many rooms in the castle . some of the rooms have mannequins in them that look like real people . these are dressed in . they are used to show how people might have lived in the castle hundreds of years ago . warwick castle has a dungeon . one part of the castle is said to be haunted . actors play the part of the ghost and the servant who killed him in a dramatic " spook experience " . lights and sounds are used to add to the effect.the castle has a very high wall walk . it can be explored , so that visitors can see from where the guards looked for enemies . a long , steep flight of steps leads up to the highest part of the castle where the flagpole is.there are many paintings in the castle . there are portraits of english kings and queens as well as of members of the family who owned the castle . it is possible to see the private chambers , or bedrooms , where the family and their most important guests slept .
alf is an american sitcom television series that aired on nbc from september 22 , 1986 , to march 24 , 1990 . the title character is gordon shumway , a sarcastic , friendly alien nicknamed alf , who crash - lands in the garage of the suburban middle - class tanner family.the series stars max wright as father willie tanner , anne schedeen as mother kate tanner , and andrea elson and benji gregory as their children , lynn and brian tanner . alf was performed by puppeteer paul fusco , who co-created the show with tom patchett . " alf " originally ran for four seasons and made 99 episodes . the series ended with an unresolved cliffhanger , but the later tv movie , " project alf " , gave a series finale for the franchise.in august 2018 , warner bros. television announced development of an " alf " reboot . these plans were cancelled in november 2018 .
johannes peter " hans " riegel ( 10 march 1923 – 15 october 2013 ) was a german entrepreneur who owned and operated the confectioner haribo since 1946 . riegel was born on 10 march 1923 in bonn , germany . he was the oldest son of the company 's founder hans riegel , sr. , who invented the gummy bear in 1922 . he studied at the university of bonn.riegel owned the jakobsburg hotel and golf resort near boppard in the rhine valley in germany . riegel died on 15 october 2013 from heart failure after a surgical procedure was made to remove a brain tumor in bonn , north rhine - westphalia , germany . he was 90 years old .
david llewelyn wark " d. w. " griffith ( january 22 , 1875 – july 23 , 1948 ) was an american movie director . he is best known as the director of the ku klux klan 1915 movie " the birth of a nation " and the 1916 follow - up movie " intolerance " . " the birth of a nation " made early use of advanced camera and storytelling techniques . it was a very popular movie . it was also a very controversial movie . the movie showed african americans and white anti-racists in a bad way . it also showed slavery and the ku klux klan as good things . the movie was praised by president woodrow wilson . he said it was " history written in lightning " . the naacp boycotted the movie . griffith responded to all the criticism with another movie , " intolerance " . this movie showed the dangers of prejudice . the movie did not make as much money as " the birth of a nation " , but the critics liked it . many of griffith 's later movies were critical successes . they did not make a lot of money . even so , he is one of the most important figures of early movies . other famous movies by griffith include " orphans of the storm " and " broken blossoms " .
bleed like me is the fourth studio album recorded and produced by alternative rock group garbage . it was released on april 11 , 2005 by universal music group label geffen in north america and by warner bros. records elsewhere . the group chose a straight rock sound that was like garbage 's live performances.the first recording sessions for " bleed like me " took place in march 2003 . but garbage quietly split up for four months starting october 2003 . they reunited under producer john king in los angeles . there was a guest appearance by dave grohl on " bad boyfriend " . garbage recruited drummer matt walker and bassist justin meldal - johnsen for new recording sessions . they completed the album by the end of 2004 . the band received critical praise and high chart positions for its lead single " why do you love me " . " bleed like me " had a strong opening week globally . it debuted in the top five in eight countries , including the united kingdom , australia and the united states .
camels are a mammal of the camelidae family . camels form the genus camelus . there are three living species of camels . best - known are the dromedary ( one hump ) and bactrian ( two humps ) camels.the camelids , as a family , include the " new world " camelids : the llama , the alpaca , the guanaco , and the vicuña.the earliest known camel , called " protylopus " , lived in north america 40 to 50 million years ago , during the eocene . it was about the size of a rabbit and lived in the open woodlands of what is now south dakota .
an ester is a carbonyl with an ether group on the carbon atom . the group can be written as coor . they can be made by reacting a carboxylic acid with an alcohol with some acid.esters are a very important functional group . they can be found in many substances . they are very common in fats and oils . they sometimes have a very strong , nice smell . they can be used to make perfumes . polyesters are found in plastics.esters can also do many reactions . it is very easy to change the ether part of the molecule with another similar one . it is also possible to reduce the ester to a ketone or an alcohol , which can do many different reactions . nucleophilic addition is also a good reaction , though a bit more difficult than with ketones.there are many ways to find out if a molecule has an ester group . infrared spectroscopy gives very sharp signals , which are different from other carbonyls . carbon nmr spectroscopy has similar characteristics .
a shock wave is when lots of energy comes from a very small spot and shakes the material around it . the energy makes the material around the spot move very quickly , and very hard . this is a special type of vibration , and it is very strong.the shock wave can be so powerful that it can knock things over . for example , bombs create shock waves . a shock wave can be destructive because it vibrates the material around the point in an extremely hard and fast wave , which causes other things that the material touches to vibrate too , and even make them explode . shock waves make bombs more dangerous and sometimes are the most dangerous part of an explosion . however , the shock wave moves much faster than the rest of the bomb 's energy , and fades away quickly . it is called a shock " wave " , and not simply a shock , because the force goes up and down , like an ocean wave.a shock wave can move through any material . an earthquake is a shockwave traveling through the ground . shock waves can also be felt in water . a shock wave is affected by the materials it travels through , and different materials have different effects . a thick material , like water , might help the shock wave travel further , where as a thin material , like air , would not . this is similar to the way that sound waves are affected by what they move through , but sound waves and shock waves are not the same.a sound wave is similar to a shock wave in the way it looks , but the two are not the same . while a sound wave can be described as the ripples created when you drop a small rock in a bucket of water , a shock wave is faster and not as smooth . if you were to draw a picture of a perfect sound wave , it would be a smooth line , up and down by the same amount . if you were to draw a picture of a shock wave , it would be like many big bumps on a road - the line goes up very quickly , but it does not go down as much . some of the words people use to talk about sound waves and shock waves are the same , like amplitude or frequency , but this does not mean that they are the same .
in baseball , a pinch hitter is a batter in place of another batter . batters can be substituted at any time while there is not an active play . the manager may use any player who has not entered the game . unlike basketball , american football , or ice hockey , baseball does not have a " free substitution rule " . the player replaced by the pinch hitter is never allowed back into that game . the pinch hitter takes the spot in the batting order of the player that he replaces.the player chosen to be a pinch hitter is often a backup infielder or outfielder . catchers are not usually pinch hitters because most teams only have two catchers . pitchers are also not used very often as pinch hitters because they are not very good hitters.the american league of major league baseball , the pacific league in japan , the kbo league in korea , and other leagues use the designated hitter rule . the designated hitter bats for the pitcher but does not play defense .
saliva is the watery substance made in the mouths of humans and many animals . saliva begins digesting food in the mouth , and moistens food to make swallowing easier . saliva consists of 99.5 % water.the mouth is obviously the point of entry to the whole alimentary canal . it follows from this that saliva must both help digestion , and protect against infections.the digestion part is by three enzymes , one each for carbohydrates , fats and proteins . the digestion started here carries on in the stomach . there are some other ' minor ' enzymes as well , and we do not know the full story about them yet . also there is a pain - killing opiorphin , and a wrap - around haptocorrin which keeps vitamin b12 safe from stomach acids . finally , there are a set of anti-bacterial proteins which make life difficult for any bacteria which get in with the food .
at around 11:00 a.m. eastern standard time on january 6 , 1994 , american figure skater nancy kerrigan was hit on the lower right thigh with a baton at the cobo arena in detroit , michigan . she had just finished practising on an ice rink in the arena . shane stant did the attack with his uncle derrick smith . smith was the getaway driver . they were both paid by jeff gillooly and shawn eckardt to injure kerrigan so that she could not take part in the 1994 u.s . figure skating championships and 1994 winter olympics . jeff gillooly was the ex-husband of nancy kerrigan 's rival in figure skating at the time , tonya harding . some people think harding was also involved in the attack . gillooly and eckdardt both said that tonya harding knew about the attack , but harding said that she did n't know about it.kerrigan could not take part in the rest of the u.s. championships because of the attack . she healed in time to take part in the winter olympics and got a silver medal . harding took part in both the u.s. championships and the winter olympics . tonya harding was banned for life from usfsa figure skating events . harding had won the u.s. championships , but had this taken away from her afterwards .
lucian michael freud ( december 8 , 1922 — july 20 , 2011 ) was a anglo - german painter . he is regarded as having been one of the greatest painters of the human form . he was born in berlin in 1922 , and moved with his family to england in 1933 to escape from the nazis . he became a british citizen in 1939 . his father , an architect , was the son of sigmund freud . during world war ii , freud studied art as well as working as a sailor in the british merchant navy . his brother was clement freud ( 1924 - 2009 ) . he painted portraits which have been described as being brutally honest ; he did not try to make people look good . he often painted them nude , with the faces staring straight ahead . he used thick layers of paint , impasto , using colours of green , grey and purple , which he blended to with pink to suggest skin color . he was popular for a while in the 1960 's , but his work was rediscovered in 1987 after an exhibition in the us . in 2008 his painting “ benefits supervisor sleeping ” was sold for us $ 33.6 million — the most ever paid for a painting by a living artist . this painting was of a fat nude woman asleep on a couch.he was made a member of the order of merit in 1993 . this honour , given by the queen , is limited to only 24 people who have achieved distinction in the arts , science or other areas.he died in london after a short illness .
the lewis and clark expedition was an expedition by meriwether lewis ( 1774 – 1809 ) and william clark ( 1770 – 1838 ) , two men chosen by united states president thomas jefferson to explore the louisiana purchase , which the country had just bought from france . ( this land was made up of much of what is now the central and western united states ) . they left saint louis in 1804 , leading a group of 33 people . the group reached the pacific in 1806 , viewing much of the west on the way and writing down what they saw . along the way , the group was joined by a shoshone native american woman named sacagawea , who helped guide them . after their exploration , lewis became governor of louisiana territory , and clark became governor of missouri territory . the only person that died on the trip was sergeant charles floyd who died august 20 , 1804 of dysentery .
a bronchodilator is a substance that ( opens up ) the bronchi and bronchioles which increases airflow to the lungs . bronchodilators may be endogenous ( originating naturally within the body ) , or they may be medications taken to treat breathing difficulties . they are most useful in obstructive lung diseases . asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease are the most common such conditions . they are also used to treat respritory blockages that usaully occur when you have the common cold . they are well prescribed by doctors and are really common in house holds . although this remains somewhat controversial , they might be useful in bronchiolitis and bronchiectasis.they are often prescribed but of unproven significance in restrictive lung diseases .
david owen ( david anthony llewellyn owen , baron owen ch pc frcp , born 2 july 1938 ) is a british politician and physician.owen served as british foreign secretary from 1977 to 1979 . at 38 he was the youngest person in over forty years to hold the post.in 1981 , owen was one of the " gang of four " who left the labour party to found the social democratic party ( sdp ) . owen led the sdp from 1983 to 1987 , and the continuing sdp from 1988 to 1990 . he sat in the house of lords as a crossbencher until march 2014 , and now sits as an independent social democrat . owen is widely regarded as one of the key politicians of the 1970s and 1980s .
potsdam is a small german city which is right next to berlin . in fact it touches the border of berlin , and is about 26 km southwest of berlin 's centre . it is the capital of the state of brandenburg . potsdam has a small population : about 176,000 people lived in this city in 2017 . on the other hand , it is the largest world heritage site in germany . potsdam was a residence of the prussian kings and the german kaiser until 1918 . it was planned in the age of enlightenment with a careful balance of architecture and landscape . potsdam was intended as " a picturesque , pastoral dream " which would remind its people of their relationship with nature and reason.around the city there are a series of lakes and cultural landmarks . the parks and palaces of sanssouci are the centre of the world heritage site . the soviet union did not return many of the potsdam art treasures , and they remain to this day in russia . the library of frederick the great was returned , but only 36 oil paintings.the potsdam conference in 1945 was held at the palace cecilienhof .
the spanish inquisition was a tribunal started in 1478 in spain . it was started by ferdinand ii of aragon and isabella i of castile , with the assistance of torquemada . during the spanish inquisition many people were burnt in front of crowds in the streets . in practice , the spanish inquisition served to consolidate power in the monarchy of the newly unified spanish kingdom , but it achieved that end through infamously brutal methods.the rulers of spain asked the pope to start the inquisition to catch jews who pretended to be christians . in 1492 they commanded all jews to leave spain . many left , but many stayed and said they were christians . the inquisition became busy deciding which ones were lying . in 1502 the muslims were also ordered out . some parts of spain actually enforced this order . when protestants appeared , the inquisition said they were just pretending to be christians . most trials ended with the defendant simply giving up his beliefs and being let go . the inquisition became less active in later years and was completely abolished in 1834 .
edgard victor achille charles varèse , whose name was also spelled edgar varèse ( december 22 , 1883 – november 6 , 1965 ) , was a french composer who spent the greater part of his career in the united states.varèse 's music has an emphasis on timbre and rhythm . he made up the term " organized sound . " this phrase means that some timbres and rhythms can be grouped together . although his finished works only last about three hours , he has been thought as an influence by many big composers of the late 20th century . his use of new instruments and electronic resources led to his being known as the " father of electronic music " while henry miller described him as " the stratospheric colossus of sound " .
the 2017 world snooker championship was a professional snooker tournament . it took place from 15 april to 1 may 2017 at the crucible theatre in sheffield , england . it was the 19th and final ranking event of the 2016 – 17 season , after the china open . it was the 41st year that the world snooker championship had been held at the crucible.the winner of the title was defending champion mark selby . he defeated john higgins 18 – 15 in the final despite having fallen 4 – 10 behind in the second session of the match . selby defeated ding junhui 17 – 15 in the semi-finals , whilst higgins defeated barry hawkins 17 – 8 . this was selby 's third world championship win . he had also won the title in the 2014 and 2016 tournaments.the total prize fund for the event was £ 1,750,000 . the winner got the top prize of £ 375,000 . there were 74 century breaks in the main stage of the championship , with a further 84 in qualifying . englishman ronnie o'sullivan made a break of 146 in the quarter - finals , the highest of the tournament . gary wilson scored a maximum break of 147 in qualifying during his first round win over josh boileau . the tournament was broadcast in europe by the bbc and eurosport , and internationally by world snooker on facebook .
the battle of garfagnana ( ) was known to the germans as operation winter storm ( " unternehmen wintergewitter " ) and nicknamed the " christmas offensive " ( italian : " offensiva di natale " ) . it was an attack of axis forces on the western sector of the gothic line during world war ii . it happened in december 1944 in the north tuscan apennines , near massa and lucca.in late december 1944 the german 14th army under general kurt von tippelskirch attacked the left side of the u.s. fifth army in the serchio valley . he wanted to make the u.s. forces stay there.the allies had ordered two brigades from indian 8th infantry division to be moved to help the u.s. 92nd infantry division . by the time they had arrived the germans and italians had captured barga . u.s. soldiers had intended to retreat to lucca . the german / italian force stopped the attack and withdrew.barga was recaptured one week later by the new year . the western gothic line remained in place until late march 1945 .
potassium – argon dating or k – ar dating is a radiometric dating method used in geochronology and archaeology . it is based on measurement of the product of the radioactive decay of an isotope of potassium ( k ) into argon ( ar ) . potassium is a common element found in many materials , such as micas , clay , tephra , and evaporites . in these materials , the decay product ar is able to escape the liquid ( molten ) rock , but starts to build up when the rock solidifies ( recrystallises ) . time since recrystallization is calculated by measuring the ratio of the amount of ar to the amount of k remaining . the long half - life of k is more than a billion years , so the method is used to calculate the absolute age of samples older than a few thousand years.quickly cooled lavas make nearly ideal samples for k – ar dating . they also preserve a record of the direction and intensity of the local magnetic field at that time . the geomagnetic polarity time scale was calibrated largely using k – ar dating .
“ stupid love ” is a song recorded by american singer lady gaga . it was released as the lead single from her sixth studio album , " chromatica " , known to her fans as “ lg6 ” . the song was officially released on february 28 , 2020 , although it was leaked online a few weeks earlier . gaga wrote the song with well - known pop songwriter max martin , ely rise , and its producers , bloodpop and tchami.reviewers have said that the song marked a return to dance - pop for gaga , after she released " joanne " in 2016 , which contained country influences . writing for " the atlantic " , spencer kornhaber called “ stupid love ” “ a glorious comeback , ” “ irrepressible , ” and “ fantastic . ” dan adler from " vanity fair " said that the song “ suggests a return to the thunderous high - concept anthems that shaped gaga ’s initial rise . ” the song entered the australian aria chart at number seven and the uk and us charts at number five .
martin david crowe ( 22 september 1962 – 3 march 2016 ) was a new zealand cricketer , commentator and author . he was a wisden cricketer of the year in 1985 , and was thought as one of the " best young batsmen in the world " . a right - handed batsman , crowe represented new zealand from the early 1980s until his retirement in 1996 . his cousin is actor russell crowe.in 2012 , crowe announced that he is suffering from lymphoma . in 2013 , he said that the cancer has disappeared . in 2014 however , crowe announced that the lymphoma had returned and said that his chances of survival beyond a year were less than 5 % and also of his wish to see the 2015 cricket world cup in february and march 2015 . crowe died from complications of lymphoma in auckland , new zealand on 3 march 2016 at the age of 53 .
shahid afridi ( ) , born sahibzada mohammad shahid khan afridi on 1 march 1975 ) is a pakistani cricketer . he played 27 tests , 350 one day internationals , and 59 twenty20 internationals ( t20is ) for the pakistani national team between 1996 and 2012 . he first played a odi match on 2 october 1996 against kenya . he played his first test match on 22 october 1998 against australia.on 4 october 1996 , afridi scored the fastest odi century in just 37 balls . he held this record for 12 years , until corey anderson broke it in 2013 . he scored 32 runs in a single over , the second highest scoring over ever in an odi . he has also hit the most number of sixes in the history of odi cricket . he holds the record of most wickets in t20 from pakistan . indian former cricketer ravi shastari gave him the title of " boom boom " .
underclass hero is the fourth studio album by canadian punk rock band , sum 41 . " underclass hero " was released on july 18 , 2007 in japan , july 23 , 2007 in canada and europe and on july 24 , 2007 in the united states.the album featured the self - titled single " underclass hero " , " walking disaster " and " with me " . the album was the first that did not feature guitarist dave baksh who left the band on may 11 , 2006 because of personal reasons . the album received mixed to negative reviews but also received success on the canadian and on the united states album charts where it reached # 1 on the canadian albums chart and also at # 7 on the u.s . billboard 200 . the album was certified in both canada and japan where it sold 100,000 units + in japan and 50,000 units + in canada .
project management is the way a person organizes and manages resources that are necessary to complete a project . people that manage projects are known as project managers.a project is a piece of work which is not a process or an operation . it has a start , an end , and goals . projects can be very simple , like organising a party , or very complex , like building a space rocket.projects are common in the construction industry , the telecommunications industry and the it industry.the management of a project requires special skills.project managers must ensure that the project is delivered within the existing limitations . these limitations can be time , cost , people , risk , and many more . project managers must also ensure the best possible distribution of resources.a project manager works mainly with people . they need to have people management skills , a good understanding of the tasks and skills needed on a project , an understanding of how long tasks will take , good organising skills , good communication skills , and good efficiency skills.project managers do not need to know how to do all of the work that may be needed in a project . for instance , a building project manager does not need to know how to pour concrete . however , they need to know how to manage people that pour concrete , and they need to know how long concrete takes to pour , how much it costs , what needs to happen before concrete is poured , and what needs to happen after concrete is poured .
lee harvey oswald ( october 18 , 1939 – november 24 , 1963 ) was , according to five government investigations , the sniper who assassinated u.s. president john f. kennedy in dallas , texas on november 22 , 1963 . a former u.s. marine who lived in the soviet union for almost 3 years , oswald was first arrested for the murder of police officer j. d. tippit ( 1924 - 1963 ) , who had been shot on a dallas street shortly after kennedy was killed . he was also soon suspected in the death of kennedy as well.soon after he was arrested , oswald talked to reporters in a hallway . oswald shouted , " i did n't shoot anybody , " and , " they 've taken me in because of the fact that i lived in the soviet union . i 'm just a patsy ! " ( a scapegoat or someone who is blamed for something someone else actually did ) . later , at a press meeting , a reporter asked , " did you kill the president ? " and oswald answered , " no , i have not been charged with that . in fact , nobody has said that to me yet . the first thing i heard about it was when the newspaper reporters in the hall asked me that question . " as he was led from the room the question was called out , " what did you do in russia ? " and , " how did you hurt your eye ? " ; oswald answered , " a policeman hit me . " two days later , while being moved from police headquarters to the county jail , oswald was shot and mortally wounded by nightclub owner jack ruby , in full view of television cameras broadcasting live .
the arabian horse is a breed famous for beauty and stamina . it is one of the oldest horse breeds in the world . arabian horses are bred with horses of other breeds to add speed , beauty , endurance , and strong bones . today , arabian ancestors are found in almost every breed of riding horse.the arabian horse developed in the deserts of arabia by the bedouin people . people sometimes brought their horses into family tent for shelter and protection . this close relationship with humans made the arabian a horse with a kind temper and quick to learn . it also was used as a war horse . this meant that it needed speed and to be very alert . this blend of traits makes it necessary for people today to treat arabian horses with kindness and respect .
the allen telescope array ( ata ) was developed by the seti institute and the radio astronomy laboratory ( ral ) at the university of california , berkeley to construct a radio interferometer that is dedicated to radio astronomy observations . at the same time , it is also used for the search for extraterrestrial intelligence.the ata is at the hat creek radio observatory , northeast of san francisco , california . the goal is to have 350 antennas . to start , 42 antennas ( ata - 42 ) were put to work on 11 october 2007 . however , a lack of money stopped operations in april 2011 . in august 2011 , ata got short - term funding . in 2012 uc berkeley quit the project.it is named after paul allen , the co-founder of microsoft . its old name was the one hectare telescope ( 1ht ) .
contract bridge , or simply bridge , is a trick - taking card game which is played by two pairs of players , one pair against the other pair . partners sit opposite each other at a table.millions of people play bridge worldwide in clubs , tournaments , online and with friends at home . it is one of the world 's most popular card games . the world bridge federation is the governing body for international competitive bridge.the game consists of a number of " deals " . each deal goes through four phases : dealing the cards , the auction ( also referred to as bidding ) , playing the cards , and scoring the results . most club and tournament play uses duplicate bridge , where the cards are not re-dealt during a session . the same deals are played by most or all players . this allows comparative scoring .
sir andrew huxley om frs ( andrew fielding huxley , 22 november 1917 – 30 may 2012 ) was an english physiologist and biophysicist.huxley was born in hampstead , london . he was the youngest son of writer and editor leonard huxley by his second wife rosalind bruce . he was the half - brother of writer aldous huxley and fellow biologist julian huxley , and grandson of biologist t h. huxley . he studied natural sciences at trinity college , cambridge.huxley won the 1963 nobel prize in physiology or medicine with alan hodgkin and john eccles for his experimental and mathematical work with alan hodgkin on the basis of nerve action potentials . these are the electrical impulses that make nerve fibres work , and so the whole central nervous system.hodgkin and huxley shared the prize that year with sir john eccles , who was cited for research on nerve synapses . hodgkin and huxley 's findings led the pair to suggest the existence of ion channels , which were found only decades later.huxley was elected a fellow of the royal society on 17 march 1955 . he was president of the royal society from 1980 to 1985 , and master of trinity from 1984 – 1990 . he was knighted by queen elizabeth ii on 12 november 1974 , and appointed to the order of merit on 11 november 1983 .
manuel luis quezón y molina ( august 19 , 1878 – august 1 , 1944 ) served as president of the commonwealth of the philippines from 1935 to 1944 . he was the first filipino to head a government of the philippines . quezón is considered by most filipinos to have been the second president of the philippines , after emilio aguinaldo ( 1897 – 1901 ) . quezón was the first senate president elected to the presidency , the first president elected through a national election , and the first president to be re-elected . he is known as the " father of the national language " . during his presidency , quezón tackled the problem of landless peasants in the countryside . he also reorganized the islands 's military defenses , planned to reorganize the government , promotion of settlement and development in mindanao , tried to end foreign control over philippine trade and commerce , proposals for land reform and the tackling of graft and corruption within the government . quezón set up a government - in - exile in the us when world war ii started and the philippines were threatened with a japanese invasion . during his exile in the us , manuel quezón died of tuberculosis in saranac lake , new york .
the vancouver grizzlies were a canadian professional basketball team that played in vancouver , british columbia , canada . they played in the national basketball association ( nba ) . the team started playing in 1995 . they started with the toronto raptors , as part of the nba 's expansion into canada . they relocated to memphis , tennessee in 2001 and became the memphis grizzlies . the grizzlies played their home games at the general motors place ( now rogers arena ) . the grizzlies were originally going to be called the vancouver mounties but were forced to find a new name because the rcmp objected it.the team had struggled in their early years and they finished last in their division in five of their six seasons . over their six seasons , they had an overall record of 101 wins and 359 loses and were never able to make it to the playoffs.after the 1998 – 99 lockout , the team suffered low attendance and a weak canadian dollar was making the owner orca bay sports and entertainment lose money on the franchise . after they failed to sell the team to bill laurie , it was instead sold to michael heisley . at the time , heisley said that he was going to keep the team in vancouver , but he then immediately started looking for a suitable relocation city in the us . he would eventually move the team to memphis , tennessee for the 2001 - 02 season .
white genocide ( armenian : ճերմակ or սպիտակ ջարդ , jermag or spitag chart ) is the word western armenians use to describe assimilation in the west . armenians were forcibly deported from their homeland in anatolia during the armenian genocide in 1915 - 1918 , and never allowed to return . western armenians consider armenians who assimilate within the local population of the country where they were eventually forced to emigrate ( such as france , usa , argentina , etc . ) as lost to their nation due to the continuing exile after the actual genocide itself , and thus consider that lost armenian to be another victim of the genocidal attempt to eliminate the armenians . the term " white genocide " was also used for the regions of nagorno - karabakh and nakhichevan where armenians were forcibly deported and cleansed from the regions .
kgb is the russian - language abbreviation for state security committee . it was the main internal security agency for the soviet union from 1954 until its break - up in 1991 . it was formed in 1954 as a successor of earlier agencies , the cheka , nkgb , and mgb.during the cold war , the kgb suppressed " ideological subversion " . this meant suppressing unorthodox political and religious ideas , and the people who held those ideas . it was soviet policy for the kgb ( and the secret services of the satellite states ) to monitor public and private opinion , internal subversion and possible counter-revolutionary plots in the soviet bloc.the kgb was instrumental in crushing the hungarian revolution of 1956 , and the prague spring of " socialism with a human face " , in 1968 czechoslovakia . a record of some of its doings is contained in the mitrokin archive .
sildenafil is an aphrodisiac . it is a medication that is also called viagra , revatio and ( in the indian subcontinent ) caverta.sildenafil makes the blood vessels become wider . this lowers the blood pressure . sildenafil mostly works in the penis and in the lungs . this medicine increases blood flow to the penis . this helps the penis become erect during sexual intercourse . sildenafil also helps pulmonary hypertension . because this medicine makes the blood vessels wider , it makes it easier for blood to flow . sildenafil was patented in 1996 and first made to sell in 1998 .
william alan shatner ( born on march 22 , 1931 ) is a canadian actor who gained fame for playing james tiberius kirk of the " uss enterprise " in the television show " " from 1966 to 1969 and in seven more movies . shatner has written a series of books telling his experiences playing james t. kirk and being a part of " star trek " . he also played the role as veteran police sergeant " t.j. hooker " , from 1982 to 1986 . he has since worked as a musician , bestselling author , producer , director , and celebrity pitchman , most notably for priceline.com . he currently co-stars as attorney " denny crane " on the television drama " boston legal " , for which he has won an emmy and a golden globe award.shatner is of jewish descent .
ellen o'kane tauscher ( november 15 , 1951 – april 29 , 2019 ) was an american politician . she was a member of the democratic party . she was the u.s. representative for california 's 10th congressional district . she became a congresswoman in 1997 replacing william p. baker . she resigned in 2009 to work for the state department . tauscher was replaced by john garamendi in the house.she served as the under secretary of state for arms control and international security affairs from june 2009 until february 2012 . she later served as special envoy for strategic stability and missile defense at the state department until august 31 , 2012 . tauscher was born in newark , new jersey . she studied at seton hall university . tauscher had one daughter . she was married to william tauscher until their divorce in 1999 . she was later married to jim cieslak from 2009 to 2011 . tauscher survived esophageal cancer in 2010 . she died of pneumonia on april 29 , 2019 in stanford , california , at the age of 67 .
apostatic selection is frequency - dependent selection by predators . it applies when prey are two or more forms ( morphs ) which look quite different . this is a kind of polymorphic species , where the predator learns to select the more common form . then there is an advantage in looking different , and this advantage keeps the frequency above the mutation rate . the second form , or ' morph ' , becomes better known by predators as its number increases . so the population tends to have a kind of balance between the frequency of the two morphs.apostatic selection is similar to the idea of prey switching . apostatic selection is the term used when the different forms are genetic morphs . in comparison , ' prey switching ' is used when describing the predator 's choice between different species .
you is an american psychological thriller television series . it is developed by greg berlanti and sera gamble . the first season is based on the 2014 book " you " by caroline kepnes . the series stars penn badgley , elizabeth lail , ambyr childers , victoria pedretti , james scully , luca padovan , zach cherry , shay mitchell , jenna ortega and carmela zumbado . the series first appeared on lifetime . the series has been made by netflix since the second season.the first season follows joe goldberg , a new york bookstore manager and serial killer . he falls in love with a customer named guinevere beck and quickly develops an extreme obsession of her.the first season of " you " aired in 2018 . the second aired in 2019 . a third season is being made , releasing in 2021 .
gnaeus pompeius magnus ( 29 september 106 bc – 28 september 48 bc ) , otherwise known as pompey ( ) or pompey the great , was an important military and political leader of the late roman republic.coming from an italian provincial background , he secured a place for himself in the ranks of roman nobility , and was given the nickname " magnus " ( " the great " ) by lucius cornelius sulla.pompey was a rival of marcus licinius crassus and an ally to gaius julius caesar . together , the three politicians would dominate the late roman republic through a political alliance called the first triumvirate . after the deaths of julia and crassus ( 54 bc ) , disputes between pompey and caesar over the leadership of the roman republic lead to civil war . pompey was decisively beaten by caesar at the battle of pharsalus in 48 bc , whereupon he fled to egypt , where he was assassinated .
bologna is the capital and largest city of emilia - romagna in northern italy . it has about 390,000 inhabitants.bologna was founded by the etruscans with the name " felsina " ( c. 534 bc ) and became a roman colony in 189 bc.in the 11th century bologna began to grow again as a free commune , joining the lombard league against frederick barbarossa in 1164 . the university of bologna , founded in 1088 , is the oldest existing university in europe.after being crushed in the battle of zappolino by the modenese in 1325 , bologna began to decay and asked the protection of the pope at the beginning of the 14th century.in 1980 , 85 people were killed in a bombing at bologna centrale railway station.bologna has a humid subtropical climate ( " cfa " in the koeppen climate classification ) .
to say that two things are isomorphic is to say that they are the same in some sense . more specifically , in abstract algebra , an isomorphism is a function between two things that preserves the relationships between the parts ( see https : / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isomorphism # examples ) . using the language of category theory , morphisms map to morphisms without breaking composition.or consider the operation of adding integers z . the doubling function φ ( x ) = 2x maps elements of z to elements of the even integers 2z . since φ ( a + b ) = 2 ( a + b ) = 2a +2 b = φ ( a ) + φ ( b ) , this is an example of an isomorphism .
pharmacoepidemiology studies the use and effects of drugs on large groups of people and patients . it assesses probability of beneficial and adverse effects , and risks for humans while using a particular drug.pharmacoepidemiology bridges pharmacology and epidemiology and borrows their methodology from both of them . it uses descriptive epidemiological method by describing exposure to a drug and by calculating rates , e.g. , incidence and prevalence . such descriptive method generates hypothesis about influence of the drug , but does not test it . pharmacoepidemiology also uses analytic epidemiological method by means of observation ( case - control and cohort studies ) and experimentation ( clinical trial ) . the analytic study compares an exposed group with a control group and serves as testing of the hypothesis.pharmacoepidemiology provides pharmacovigilance , the later is a type of continual monitoring of unwanted effects and other safety - related aspects of drugs in current growing integrating markets . pharmacovigilance is conducted by spontaneous reporting systems through health care professionals and others which report adverse drug reactions to the central agency . the central agency combines reports from many sources to produce a more informative profile for drug products .
rameshwaram is a coastal town in the ramanathapuram district of tamil nadu state in india . it is located in a island named pamban island , which is separated from indian mainland by pamban channel.rameshwaram is one of the holiest shrines for hindus . the populous ramanathaswamy temple is located here.the town has the 64 holy tirthas , of which 24 are important accoring to skanda purana.the town covers an area of 53 km . the population of the town is 44,851 according to 2011 census . this town is the birth place of the 11th president of india , dr.a.p.j.abdul kalam.the island in which rameshwaram located was hit by a cyclone in 1964 , that washed away dhanushkodi , a nearby town and made severe damage in rameshwaram too .
the buffalo bills are a professional american football team in buffalo , new york . they are members of the eastern division of the american football conference ( afc ) in the national football league ( nfl ) . the bills started playing in 1960 as an original member of the american football league and joined the nfl as part of the afl - nfl merger.the bills won two american football league titles in 1964 and 1965 , but the team has not won a league championship since the merger . buffalo is also the only team to win four consecutive afc championships ( 1990 - 93 ) , though they did not win any of the four following super bowls.ralph wilson , the longtime owner who had established the bills in 1959 , died on march 25 , 2014 . on september 9 , 2014 , wilson 's family announced that it had sold the team to terry pegula and his wife , kim . the pegulas also own the buffalo sabres of the nhl.the bills team name is based on the famous " wild west show " star known as buffalo bill . the american bison is the team symbol . the term " buffalo " is often , though incorrectly , used as a synonym for " bison " .
neil simon ( july 4 , 1927 – august 26 , 2018 ) was an american playwright and screenwriter . he wrote more than thirty plays and almost the same number of movie screenplays , most adapted from his plays . he has received more oscar and tony award nominations than any other writer.simon was born on july 4 , 1927 in the bronx , new york city to a jewish family . he studied at new york university and at the university of denver . simon was married five times . the first four ended in divorce . he was married to elaine joyce from 1999 until his death in 2018 . simon had three children , including one adopted child.simon died on august 26 , 2018 of complications from pneumonia after being on life - support while hospitalized for renal failure in manhattan , aged 91 . he also had alzheimer 's disease .
allen glover lanier ( june 25 , 1946 – august 14 , 2013 ) was an original member of blue öyster cult . he played keyboards and rhythm guitar . lanier wrote several songs for blue öyster cult albums . these included " true confessions " , " tenderloin " , " searchin ' for celine " , " in thee " , and " lonely teardrops " . he also contributed to music by patti smith , jim carroll , the dictators and the clash . he dated patti smith for several years during the 1970s . when lanier started in 1967 , the group was known as soft white underbelly . he left the group and was replaced in 1986 by tommy zvoncheck . he returned in 1987 . he retired from performing with them after the autumn of 2006 . on august 14 , 2013 he died of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
hashish is a sticky , thick , dark - colored resin ( plant juice ) which is made from the flower of the female cannabis plant , " cannabis sativa " . the cannabis plant 's leaves and flowers contain chemicals known as cannabinoids . one cannabinoid is thc , which gives a person who smokes or eats parts of the cannabis plant a feeling of euphoria ( makes the user feel good or happy ) . another cannabinoid is cbd , which gives the user a relaxing feeling , and another is cbg which gives the user red or droopy eyes . the name " hashish " comes from an arabic word meaning " dry weed " . the two main drugs made from the cannabis plant are marijuana and hashish . hashish has much more of the chemical thc ( which makes users feel good or happy ) than marijuana . hashish is an illegal drug in the united states , uk and many other countries . some people think it should be legal , some think it should be legal only for medical reasons , and some think it should not be legal at all .
reddit is a website where people share links to articles , media and other things on the web . the website is organized into " subreddits " , communities within the reddit community to discuss certain topics or to look at specific content . the posted links can be voted on , and the links with most votes are displayed on the front page of the website . reddit was founded in 2005 by steve huffman and alexis ohanian , and is also available in other languages . people in the reddit community call themselves " redditors " . some examples of subreddits are / r / pics , / r / aww , / r / fakehistory , / r / writingprompts , and / r / todayilearned . subreddits are directed towards all sort of things , like educational , funny , cute pictures of animals , internet memes , and more.reddit has occasionally been the topic of controversy due to the presence of subreddits devoted to explicit or controversial material , including subreddits r / creepshots and r / jailbait .
disinfectant is a liquid used to destroy and kill unwanted germs and parasites . it is often used in the activity of cleaning , especially in bathrooms and kitchens , as they are the areas most likely to be contaminated with dangerous microorganisms . disinfectants are dangerous liquids and should be used carefully because they can be deadly to humans and animals when in large amounts ; it is also different to antiseptics for this reason - disinfectants can only be used on non-living things , while antiseptics are not strong enough to combat the germs disinfectant fights.types of disinfectantdisinfectant types are classified based on various types of applications.different disinfectants are used differently.four types of disinfectant :
accounting or accountancy is the job of sharing financial information about a business to managers and shareholders ( people who have invested in the business ) . accounting is often called the " language of business " . accountants are people who do accounting , and also carry out the auditing or checking of a company 's books and records . in britain , this auditing is often carried out by a qualified person called a " chartered accountant " . in the united states , the professional designation is certified public accountant or " cpa " . when accountants do accounting work , they write in the books of account ( ledgers ) that belong to a company . every time money is spent or earned , it is written in the ledger . the information in the ledger is used to prepare the company accounts monthly , quarterly ( every three months ) and annually ( every year ) . these annual accounts show what money the company has taken in over time and what it has spent money on . it also shows if the company made a profit in the year ( if it made more money than it spent ) , who owes the company money , who the company owes money to , and any big expensive items the company has bought which they expect to use for many years . lenders , managers , investors , tax authorities ( the people who collect taxes for the government ) and other decision - makers look at these annual accounts . managers and investors look at the ledger and make decisions about how to spend money in the future . lenders like banks look at the accounts before they lend money to the company . tax authorities look at them to check that the company is paying the correct amount of taxes .
fahrenheit 451 is an american dystopian fiction novel . it was written by ray bradbury and first published in 1953 . the novel is about a future american society in which people are hedonistic ( meaning they live only for pleasure ) , and reading is against the law because it makes them think . the main character , guy montag , has a job as a " fireman " ( which , in this future , means " book burner " ) . the number " 451 " refers to the temperature ( in fahrenheit ) at which the books burn when the " firemen " burn them " for the good of humanity " . written in the early years of the cold war , the novel is a critique of what bradbury saw as an increasingly dysfunctional american society.the idea began with bradbury 's short story " bright phoenix , " written in 1947 but first published in the " magazine of fantasy and science fiction " in 1963 . the original short story was reworked into the novella , " the fireman " , and published in the february 1951 issue of " galaxy science fiction " . the novel was also serialized in the march , april , and may 1954 issues of " playboy " magazine . bradbury wrote the entire novel on a pay typewriter in the basement of ucla 's powell library . his original idea in writing " fahrenheit 451 " was to show his great love for books and libraries . he has often referred to montag as an allusion to himself.over the years , the novel has been subject to various interpretations , primarily focusing on the historical role of book burning in suppressing dissenting ideas . bradbury has said that the novel is not about censorship ; he says that " fahrenheit 451 " is a story about how television destroys interest in reading literature , which leads to people thinking that knowledge is made up of " factoids " , partial information without context , such as napoleon 's birth date alone , without an indication of who he was.a movie version of the novel was released in 1966 , and at least two bbc radio 4 dramatizations have also been aired , both of which follow the book very closely .
fort wayne is a city in the u.s. state of indiana and the county seat of allen county . the population was 254,555 as of the 2012 census estimate making it the 74th largest city in the united states and the second largest in indiana after indianapolis . the city is in northeastern indiana , about west of the ohio border and south of the michigan border.under the direction of american revolutionary war statesman anthony wayne , the united states army built fort wayne . it was the last in a series of forts near the miami tribe village of kekionga in 1794 . named in wayne 's honor , the settlement established itself as a trading post for european pioneers.fort wayne was known for hosting the first ever nighttime baseball game . in 1982 , there was flood that forced 9,000 residents to leave their homes . it damaged 2,000 buildings and caused us $ 56.1 million in damage . because of this , president ronald reagan visited the city.the city has been an all - america city award winner . it won in 1982 , 1998 , and 2009 . it received an outstanding achievement city livability award by the u.s. conference of mayors in 1999 .
the warsaw pact , officially the treaty of friendship , cooperation and mutual assistance , was an organization of central and eastern european communist states . the states were all allies and would fight together if one of them was attacked . while in theory all the countries in the organisation were equals , the smaller countries were controlled by the soviet union.it was established in 1955 in warsaw , poland in response to west germany joining the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) . the treaty was signed in warsaw , on 14 may 1955 and official copies were made in the languages of russian , polish , czech and german . the pact lasted until the end of the cold war when some members quit in 1991 , following the collapse of the eastern bloc and political changes in the soviet union .
robert gibson ( born november 9 , 1935 ) is an american former baseball player . he was a pitcher . he played 17 seasons in major league baseball ( mlb ) for the st. louis cardinals from 1959 to 1975 . he was nicknamed " gibby " and " hoot " ( after actor hoot gibson ) . gibson totalled 251 wins , 3,117 strikeouts and a 2.91 earned run average ( era ) during his career . he was a nine - time all - star and two - time world series champion . gibson 's jersey number 45 was retired by the st. louis cardinals in 1975 . in 1981 , he was added to the baseball hall of fame.due to gibson 's remarkable 1968 season , considered by some the greatest pitching performance , mlb decided to lower the pitching mound.gibson was born in omaha , nebraska . he is the father of three children : two with his first wife , charline , and one with his second wife , wendy . in july 2019 , gibson was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer .
an artificial or constructed language ( sometimes called a conlang ) is a language that has been created by a person or small group , instead of being formed naturally as part of a culture . some constructed languages are designed for use in human communication ( like the common esperanto ) . others are created for use in fiction , linguistic experiments , secret codes , or simply because the maker likes to play language games.constructed languages can be split into a priori languages , which are made from scratch , and a posteriori languages , which borrow words and grammar from existing languages.constructed languages can also be split into groups by purpose . these groups are : some constructed languages also have constructed scripts to write them .
cyberpunk is a kind of science fiction . the cyberpunk genre began in the early 1980s . bruce bethke made this word for his 1980 short story " cyberpunk " by putting together two words : " cybernetics " and " punk rock " . soon , people used this word to describe william gibson 's book , " neuromancer " . cyberpunk authors put their stories in different settings . the time is usually set in the near - future and the settings are often dystopian ( characterized by misery ) . these are often societies with very advanced technology . often , only a few huge corporations control the society . these corporations control the technology . instead of being beneficial to all , technology is used by the few corporations for their own interests only . many cyberpunk novels are about individual computer users . one hero fights a computer / internet controlled society . these stories are often in the near future .
hatshepsut ( 1507 – 1458 bc ) , meaning " foremost of noble ladies " , was the fifth pharaoh of the 18th dynasty of ancient egypt . she reigned longer than any other woman of an indigenous egyptian dynasty , and successfully.her father was thutmose i . her predecessor was thutmose ii ( her brother and husband ) . her successor was thutmose iii , her nephew , the son of thutmose ii by a lesser wife . thutmose iii was co-regent with his stepmother , and was head of the army , but hatshepsut was the effective ruler , and the named pharaoh.today it is generally recognized that hatshepsut assumed the position of pharaoh . the length of her reign usually is given as twenty - two years . the third - century b.c . historian , manetho , gave that figure of twenty - one years and nine months , and he had access to many records that now are lost . she died in 1458 bc , which means that she became pharaoh in about 1479 bc .
numerical control ( nc ) is a way to automate machines . in numerical control , the commands these machines get come from a storage medium ; they are not controlled and operated manually . the first such machines were jacquard looms controlled by punched cards . machine tools for cutting metal were built in the 1940s and 1950s . they used punched tape instructions . soon , the tools were changed , to use computers . numerical control with computers is known as computer numerical control , or cnc.nowadays , it is possible to make a program that can run on such machine tools , based on a cad drawing of the piece to be produced.attempts to automate machines in the 19th century , for example copying - lathes , used cams . these are basically wheels that change the position of notches to control a machine . the basic difference to modern nc is that these cams only automated one given task ; modern nc and cnc machines can be programmed to a greater extent .
edward kennedy " duke " ellington ( april 29 , 1899 – may 24 , 1974 ) was an american composer , pianist , and big band leader . he was one of the most important musicians in the history of recorded music , and is called one of the greatest figures in jazz music . he also played blues , gospel , pop , and classical music . he worked for 60 years . he became even more popular after he died . he was given a special award citation from the pulitzer prize board in 1999 . ellington called his music " american music " , not " jazz " . some of the people who played in ellington 's band were also famous or important jazz musicians.ellington led his band from 1923 until he died of lung cancer in 1974 . his son mercer ellington took over the band until he died of cancer in 1996 . then paul ellington , mercer 's youngest son , took over the band .
robert budd dwyer ( november 21 , 1939 – january 22 , 1987 ) was an american politician . he served from 1971 to 1981 as a republican member of the pennsylvania state senate representing the state 's 50th district . he served as the 30th treasurer of pennsylvania from january 20 , 1981 to january 22 , 1987 . on january 22 , 1987 , dwyer called a news conference in the pennsylvania state capital of harrisburg where he killed himself in front of the gathered reporters with a .357 caliber revolver . dwyer 's suicide was also broadcast to a wide television audience across the state of pennsylvania.in the early 1980s , pennsylvania discovered its state workers had overpaid federal taxes due to errors in state withholding . many accounting firms competed for a multimillion - dollar contract to determine compensation to each employee.in 1986 , dwyer was convicted of receiving a bribe from a california firm trying to gain the contract . throughout his trial and after his conviction , he maintained that he was innocent of the charge and that he had been framed . dwyer was scheduled to be sentenced on those charges on january 23 , 1987 , the day after his suicide .
five nights at freddy ’s is an indie survival horror video game . it was made by scott cawthon and is powered by clickteam fusion.the first game was released august 8 , 2014 . the game takes place in the fictional pizza restaurant , freddy fazbear ’s pizza . the player acts as a night security guard with the aim of keeping safe from the animatronic animal characters that are " malfunctioning " . to complete the levels of the game , the player must keep the antagonists away from the guard 's office , using mechanical doors , lights , and a cctv camera panel . the animatronic characters in the first game of the series are named freddy fazbear , bonnie , chica , foxy and golden freddy.the game series has a complicated and heavily hidden storyline that has sparked thousands of fan - made theories around the world , with the main goal being a reliable " timeline " of the events and characters in the series . scott cawthon , the sole developer of the five nights at freddy 's games , has stated that nobody has figured out a completely accurate conclusion of the story.in november 2014 , a prequel , " five nights at freddy 's 2 " was released . in 2015 , " five nights at freddy 's 3 " and " five nights at freddy 's 4 " were released . a five nights at freddy 's rpg called fnaf world was released on 2016 . a fifth game , " " was released the same year . and pizza simulator made in 2017 in 2018 , yet another game was released called ultimate custom night featuring every character from the series , including some fan characters . " five nights at freddy ’s " is installed an estimated 4,694 times per day , earning a daily revenue of $ 12,879 . cawthon has given away $ 256,499 to a charity livestream , surpassing the initial goal of $ 15,000 .
sigmund freud ( moravia , 6 may 1856 – london , 23 september 1939 ) was an austrian neurologist ( a person who treats the nervous system ) . he invented the treatment of mental illness and neurosis by means of psychoanalysis.freud is important in psychology because he studied the unconscious mind . the unconscious part of the mind can not be easily controlled or noticed by a person.in 1860 his family moved with their little boy to vienna . he did well in school and became a doctor . freud married martha bernays in 1886 . they had six children.freud lived in austria in the 1930s . after the anschluss , germany and austria were combined . because he was jewish , he received a visit from the gestapo . freud and his family did not feel safe anymore . freud left vienna and went to england in june 1938 .
freedom riders were civil rights activists who rode interstate buses into the segregated southern united states in 1961 and years to challenge the non-enforcement of the united states supreme court decisions " morgan v. virginia " ( 1946 ) and " boynton v. virginia " ( 1960 ) , which ruled that segregated public buses were unconstitutional.the southern states had ignored the rulings and the federal government did nothing to enforce them . the first freedom ride left washington , d.c. on may 4 , 1961 , and was scheduled to arrive in new orleans on may 17 . southern local and state police considered the actions of the freedom riders to be criminal and arrested them in some locations . in some places , such as birmingham , alabama , the police worked with the ku klux klan and other white people against the actions of the riders , and allowed mobs to attack the riders .
michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni ( 6 march 1475 – 18 february 1564 ) , known as michelangelo , was an italian renaissance painter , sculptor , architect , poet , and engineer . along with leonardo da vinci , he is often called a " renaissance man " which means that he had great talent in many areas.michelangelo lived an extremely busy life , creating a great number of artworks . some of michelangelo 's works are among the most famous that have ever been made . they include two very famous marble statues , " the pieta " in saint peter 's basilica and " david " which once stood in a plazza in florence but is now in the accademia gallery . his most famous paintings are huge frescos , the sistine chapel ceiling and the " last judgement " . his most famous work of architecture is the east end and dome of saint peter 's basilica.a lot is known about michelangelo 's life because he left many letters , poems and journals . because he was so famous , he became the very first artist to have his biography ( story of his life ) published while he was still living . his biographer , giorgio vasari , said that he was the greatest artist of the renaissance . he was sometimes called " il divino " ( " the divine one " ) . other artists said that he had " terribilità " , ( his works were so grand and full of strong emotion that they were scary ) . many other artists who saw his work tried to have the same emotional quality . from this idea of " terribilità " came a style of art called mannerism .
cancer ward is a semi-autobiographical novel by russian author aleksandr solzhenitsyn . it was first published in 1967 , and banned in the soviet union in 1968 . the novel tells the story of a small group of cancer patients in uzbekistan in 1955 . this was the post-stalinist soviet union . it explores the moral responsibility of those who stood by whilst their fellow citizens were arrested , sent to labor camps , exiled or executed.stalin 's great purge , when millions were unjustly killed , was a campaign of political repression in the soviet union . it was orchestrated by joseph stalin from 1936 to 1939 . it involved a large - scale purge of the communist party and government officials and the red army leadership , and repression of the peasants . there was widespread police surveillance , suspicion of " saboteurs " , imprisonment , and arbitrary executions . in russian historiography the period of the most intense purge , 1937 – 1938 , is called yezhovshchina ( ; literally , " the yezhov regime " ) , after nikolai yezhov , the head of the soviet secret police , the nkvd.one of the patients had denounced a man eighteen years before to get the whole apartment they were living in together . he fears that the man , now free , might seek revenge . others come to realize that their passivity , their failure to resist , makes them as guilty as any other . " you have n't had to do much lying , do you understand ? " shulubin tells the main character , oleg kostoglotov , who was in a labor camp . " at least you have n't had to stoop so low – you should appreciate that ! you people were arrested , but we were herded into meetings to ' expose ' you . they executed people like you , but they made us stand up and applaud the verdicts ... and not just applaud , they made us demand the firing squad , " demand " it ! " toward the end of the novel , kostoglotov – who , like solzhenitsyn , was forced into exile under " article 58 " , which dealt with counter-revolutionaries – realizes that the damage done to him , and to russia , was too great . there will be no healing , no normal life now that stalin has gone . on the day of his release from the cancer ward , toward the end of the novel , he visits a zoo , seeing in the animals people he knew : " [ e ] ven supposing oleg took their side and had the power , he would still not want to break into the cages and liberate them ... [ d ] eprived of their home surroundings , they had lost the idea of rational freedom . it would only make things harder for them , suddenly to set them free " .
the a-10 thunderbolt ii ( also called the warthog ) is an attack aircraft made by fairchild republic . it first flew in 1972 and was introduced in 1977 . it is designed to drop bombs , fire rockets , missiles , and its 30 mm gatling gun at enemies on the ground ( like tanks ) . it is named after the world war ii p - 47 thunderbolt . it is not as fast as most military jets , but it is tough , heavily armored , and can turn well . the a-10 is also used as a cas ( close air support ) aircraft , which involves flying slowly over a target area and destroying any targets in that area.the a-10 is 53 feet , 4 inches ( 16.16 meters ) long , 14 feet , 8 inches ( 4.42 meters ) high , has a wingspan of 57 feet , 6 inches ( 17.42 meters ) , can go 420 miles per hour , and can weigh 51,000 pounds ( 22,950 kilograms ) at heaviest . it is armed with a 30 mm gau - 8 gatling gun , and can have a few tons of bombs or missiles . it can also carry radar - jamming pods so it can not be seen on radar , and chaff , which can confuse missiles fired at the a-10 .
the wilson - gorman tariff of 1894 ( also called the income tax act of 1894 ) was a bill passed by congress that reduced the tariffs on certain imports into the united states . the final version lowered duties slightly , but added a number of other provisions . one of these was a 2 % federal income tax . other items such as coal , lumber , and wool were added to the duty - free list , while sugar was removed from the duty - free list ( where it had been included as a result of the mckinley tariff of 1890 ) . debates over tariffs had been going on since america became a country . as the us became increasingly industrialized , the debates became more heated . the act was an effort by democrats to help the country recover from the panic of 1893 , a serious economic depression . it tried to accomplish this by lowering tariffs and making up for the loss of revenues by a federal income tax . they believed if the us lowered tariffs other countries would also . they also believed they could push through a direct tax on personal income . the act failed to achieve any of its goals . a year later it was repealed by the supreme court decision " pollock v. farmers ' loan & trust co " as being unconstitutional . indirectly , the tariff was a contributing cause to the spanish – american war .
a microorganism or " microbe " is an organism which is microscopic , which means so small that people can not see them with naked eye . the study of microorganisms is called microbiology.microorganisms include bacteria , fungi , archaea , protists and viruses , and are among the earliest known life forms . the first of these four types of microorganisms may either be free - living or parasitic . viruses can only be parasitic , since they always reproduce inside other living things.most micro-organisms are unicellular organism with only one cell , but there are unicellular protists that are visible to the human eye , and some multicellular species are microscopic.microorganisms live almost everywhere on earth where there is liquid water , including hot springs on the ocean floor and deep inside rocks within the earth 's crust . such habitats are lived in by extremophiles.microorganisms are critical to nutrient recycling in ecosystems , because they act as decomposers . because some microorganisms can also take nitrogen out of the air , they are an important part of the nitrogen cycle . pathogenic , or harmful , microbes can invade other organisms and cause disease .
in the " avatar " world , there are people who are able to control , or " bend " , the four elements : " air " , " water " , " earth " , and " fire " . along with the four elements , there are four nations that correspond with each element . not everyone can bend an element , and those that can are only able to bend one . however , the avatar is able to control all four elements as well as communicate with the spirits . the avatar is also born into one nation , and after dying , is reincarnated into another nation following the pattern of air , water , earth , fire . the series takes place 100 years after the fire nation started a war against all other nations and has killed off all air benders in search of finding the avatar who has been reincarnated as an air bender , aang . the avatar , trapped in ice for 100 years knows nothing of the war . the series starts with aang being accidentally freed by katara and sokka . the series then primarily follows the adventures of aang and his companions , sokka , katara , and later toph , as he tries to master all four elements and defeat the fire nation . there is also a strong secondary focus on zuko , banished and disinherited crown prince of the . zuko was burned by his own father , the fire lord ozai . zuko then tries to capture aang in order to regain his peerage and honor , but in the end he help aang to master the fire .
addison 's disease is a rare and chronic endocrine disorder discovered by thomas addison . u.s. president john f. kennedy is probably one of the most famous sufferers though his condition was kept secret during his presidency . addision 's disease is when the body does not produce enough of the hormone called cortisol . this hormone helps the body deal with stress . it helps with maintaining blood pressure and controlling the heart 's functions . it slows the rate of inflammation caused by the body 's immune system . it helps with controlling the way insulin is used , and the chemical reactions of proteins , carbohydrates and fats in the body . people with the disease suffer from weight loss , fatigue , weakness and low blood pressure . some people also get darkened patches of skin . addison 's disease is treated by taking an artificial cortisol tablet .
lots of languages are used in canada . english and french are used by most canadians . only new brunswick uses both english and french as its official languages . quebec 's official language is french . english and french are recognized by the constitution of canada as " official languages . " this means that all laws of the federal government are in both english and french and that federal government services can be available in both languages.many canadians believe that the relationship between the english and french languages is important.to know how many people speak them , canada 's census collects a lot of kinds of information not collected in most other countries , including home language , mother tongue , first official language and language of work.people speak other languages . about 18 % of canadians ( about 6.1 million people , most are immigrants ) have a language other than english or french as their first language or mother tongue . nearly 3.5 million canadians continue to use their other language most often , like when at home or in social settings . the biggest ones are italian , german , chinese , punjabi , arabic and dutch.canada also has many native languages . but they are not spoken by many people ( less than one percent of canada ) , and fewer people speak them every year .
an earthworm is an invertebrate animal with a long , stretchy body and no legs . it is a type of annelid.there are 5,500 known species of earthworms in 21 families . they are found everywhere , except in polar or dry climates . their sizes vary : they can be between two centimeters and about three meters in length . the biggest known earthworm is the giant gippsland earthworm , found in australia . it is usually about 80 cm in length , but can grow to about 3 meters.the most common earthworm ( in europe , and most other temperate climate regions ) grows to a size of about 20 – 25 cm when extended.most earthworms can regrow lost segments , assuming the worm has not had too much damage . this capability varies by species.long ago , all animals looking like worms were lumped together by john ray and by linnaeus in their classifications . later , biologists found that some were in quite different groups . roundworms and flatworms are different phyla . inchworms are a type of caterpillar , and the slow - worm is a legless lizard .
keeping up with the kardashians is an american reality television series that airs on e ! . it started on october 14 , 2007 . it is about the personal and professional lives of the kardashian and jenner families . it focuses on sisters kourtney , kim , and khloé kardashian , as well as their brother rob kardashian , their mother kris jenner , their stepfather caitlyn jenner , their half - sisters kendall and kylie jenner , and kourtney 's boyfriend scott disick . it has aired for eight seasons . it aired its 100th episode on august 11 , 2013 . the show has gotten good reviews from critics . however , it is often criticized for using the " famous for being famous " concept , where a celebrity becomes famous for no identifiable reason . it has also been criticized for making up most of its storyline . the show has had four spin - offs : " kourtney and kim take miami " , " kourtney and kim take new york " , " khloé & lamar " and " kourtney and khloe take the hamptons " .
the 1994 winter olympics , officially known as the xvii olympic winter games , were held in 1994 in lillehammer , norway . other possible host cities were anchorage , alaska , usa ; östersund / åre , sweden ; and sofia , bulgaria . in 1986 , the international olympic committee voted to change the schedule of the olympic games so that the summer and winter games would be arranged in alternating even - numbered years . lillehammer won the right to host the event in september 1988 in seoul before the opening ceremony of the 1988 summer olympics . the lillehammer games were held in 1994 , the only time the winter games have occurred two years after the previous games.the lillehammer olympics are notable for being the last winter olympic games to date to have been held in a town ( lillehammer 's population is just 25,000 ) . later winter olympics were held in larger cities , such as nagano , salt lake city , turin and vancouver .
the watergate scandal was a scandal during and after the 1972 presidential election.united states president and republican richard nixon was running for election against democrat george mcgovern . frank wills , a security guard , discovered clues that former fbi and cia agents broke into the offices of the democratic party and george mcgovern months before the election . these people listened to phone lines and secret papers were stolen.when these men were found , it turned out that nixon was involved and he had helped them cover it all up and might have even hired the men . " the washington post " was a newspaper which played a big role in exposing the misdoings , specifically reporters bob woodward and carl bernstein . this showed the public that nixon was not to be trusted , and society began to view him in a different light.nixon chose to resign from office on august 9 , 1974 because he wished to not be impeached . this means that he might have been charged with crimes . the u.s. congress could not impeach him if he resigned . after this , gerald ford , his vice-president , became the president by default . ford later forgave and pardoned nixon for all of his crimes . the name " watergate " comes from the hotel in washington , d.c. where the first crime took place and is often associated with political scandals . nixon was stealing information and abusing his presidential power to try to stay in office .
minnie miñoso ( saturnino orestes armas " minnie " miñoso arrieta , ; , november 29 , 1922 – march 1 , 2015 ) , nicknamed " the cuban comet " and " mr. white sox " , was a cuban - american professional baseball player.he began his career in the negro league in 1946 , becoming an all - star third baseman with the new york cubans in 1947 and 1948 . he was signed by the cleveland indians after the 1948 season as baseball 's color line slowly fell.in 1949 , he became the first black cuban in the major leagues , and went on to become a seven - time all - star . in 1951 , as a rookie left fielder for the chicago white sox , he became the first black player in white sox franchise history , and one of the first latin americans to be named to a major league all - star team.miñoso was found dead in the driver 's seat of a car near a gas station in chicago at 1 am on march 1 , 2015 , aged 92 . he died of a torn pulmonary artery caused by copd .
shakira isabel mebarak ripoll ( born february 2 , 1977 in barranquilla , colombia ) , known as shakira , is a two - time grammy award - winning and 10 latin grammy award - winning colombian singer , songwriter , instrumentalist , record producer , dancer , unicef goodwill ambassador and occasional actress.shakira is also a philanthropist . she has created the ngo 's pies descalzos foundation in colombia , and the barefoot foundation in the us , to help children world - wide.shakira is also known for having made a song named " timor " based on fighting in east timor between gangs ( groups of criminals with guns ) , security forces ( small , personal armies ) , and the government.the first single from shakira 's tenth album was released in january 2014 . " shakira " was released on 21 march 2014 .
algae ( one alga , but several algae ) are a type of plant - like living things that can make food from sunlight by photosynthesis . the study of algae is called phycology or algology.the term covers a range of photosynthetic organisms , and many are not closely related . they are a polyphyletic group.the term lumps together many different kinds of organisms . they have in common only that they are autotrophic : they use natural sources of energy and simple inorganic materials to build their forms . as non-vascular plants they do not have the kind of cell and tissue structure of land plants . they are a convenient but very loose term . only in recent years has it become clear how different the many kinds of algae are .
a virus is a microscopic parasite that can infect living organisms and cause disease . it can make copies of itself inside another organism 's cells . viruses consist of nucleic acid and a protein coat . usually the nucleic acid is rna ; sometimes it is dna . viruses are able to cause many types of diseases , such as polio , ebola and hepatitis . virology is the study of viruses.viruses reproduce by getting their nucleic acid strand into a prokaryote or eukaryote ( cell ) . the rna or dna strand then takes over the cell machinery to reproduce copies of itself and the protein coat . the cell then bursts open , spreading the newly created viruses . all viruses reproduce this way , and there are no free - living viruses . viruses are everywhere in the environment , and all organisms can be infected by them.viruses are so much smaller than bacteria . they were not visible until the invention of the electron microscope . a virus has a simple structure , it has no internal cellular structure , no cell wall or cell membrane , just the protein coat that holds the string of nucleic acid.with eukaryotic cells , the virus protein coat is able to enter the target cells via certain cell membrane receptors . with prokaryote bacteria cells , the bacteriophage physically injects the nucleic acid strand into the host cell.viruses have the following characteristics : when the host cell has finished making more viruses , it undergoes lysis , or breaks apart . the viruses are released and are then able to infect other cells . viruses can remain intact for a long time , and will infect cells when the time and conditions are right.some special viruses are worth noting . bacteriophages have evolved to enter bacterial cells , which have a different type of cell wall from eukaryote cell membranes . " envelope viruses " , when they reproduce , cover themselves with a modified form of the host cell membrane , thus gaining an outer lipid layer that helps entry . some of our most difficult - to - combat viruses , like influenza and hiv , use this method.viral infections in animals trigger an immune response which usually kills the infecting virus . vaccines can also produce immune responses . they give an artificially acquired immunity to the specific viral infection . however , some viruses ( including those causing aids and viral hepatitis ) escape from these immune responses and cause chronic infections . antibiotics have no effect on viruses , but there are some other drugs against viruses .
shakib khan ( ) is an actor in the bangladeshi movie industry . he made his debut in " ananta bhalobasha " ( 1999 ) , and established himself as one of the most successful actors in bengali cinema . khan has received various awards , including four national movie awards for best actor , for " bhalobaslei ghor bandha jay na " ( 2010 ) , " khodar pore ma " ( 2012 ) , " aro bhalobashbo tomay " ( 2015 ) and swatta ( 2017 ) and eight meril prothom alo awards.shakib is also a producer . his first produced movie was " " under his own banner sk films .
the battle of marathon took place in september 490 bc on the plain of marathon . it was fought between the athenians and the persians . athens was supported by a small force from the city of plataea . the battle was the end of the first attempt by persia , under king darius i , to conquer greece . it was part of the first greco - persian war.the persian invasion was a response to greek involvement in the ionian revolt . then , athens and eretria had sent a force to support the cities of ionia , who were trying to overthrow persian rule . the athenians and eretrians succeeded in capturing and burning sardis , but were forced to retreat with heavy losses . in response to this raid , darius swore to burn athens and eretria to the ground .
dame elizabeth " liz " rosemond taylor ( february 27 , 1932 – march 23 , 2011 ) was a british - american actress.the movies she starred in were , " national velvet " , " father of the bride " , " a place in the sun " , " giant " , " cat on a hot tin roof " , and " suddenly , last summer " . she won the academy award for best actress for " butterfield 8 " . she played the title role in " cleopatra " , and married her costar richard burton . they appeared together in 11 films , including " who 's afraid of virginia woolf ? " . taylor won a second academy award in " who 's afraid of virginia woolf ? " . from the mid-1970s , she appeared less frequently in film , and made occasional appearances in television and theatre.her personal life included eight marriages and several life - threatening illnesses . from the mid-1980s , taylor supported hiv and aids programs ; she co-founded the american foundation for aids research in 1985 , and the elizabeth taylor aids foundation in 1993 . she received the presidential citizens medal , the legion of honour , the jean hersholt humanitarian award and a life achievement award from the american film institute . the american film institute named her seventh on their list of the " greatest american screen legends " . taylor died of congestive heart failure in march 2011 at the age of 79 after suffering many years of ill health .
hurricane maria was a severe atlantic tropical cyclone in september 2017 which ended in early october 2017 . it was the 13th named storm , 8th hurricane , 5th major hurricane , and a 2nd category 5 hurricane of the hyperactive 2017 atlantic hurricane season.maria is regarded as the worst natural disaster in dominican and puerto rican history . it struck dominica as a category 5 hurricane , guadeloupe , and puerto rico as a high - end category 4 hurricane . maria was a category 5 hurricane when she hit dominica , guadeloupe , and puerto rico.at her peak , maria had maximum sustained winds of 175 miles per hour . the storm brushed the eastern united states.tropical storm and hurricane notices were posted from dominican republic to the windward islands.the damage from hurricane maria was inflicted at $ 90 billion , especially in puerto rico after it made a direct hit and landfall in puerto rico as a high - end category 4 hurricane.as of august 28 , 2018 , 3,057 people were estimated to have been killed by the hurricane : 2,975 in puerto rico , 65 in dominica , 5 in the dominican republic , 4 in the united states , 3 in haiti , 2 in guadeloupe , and 3 in the united states virgin islands.due to the large number of deaths and amounts of damage it caused especially in puerto rico , the name " maria " was retired in april 2018 by the world meteorological organization , and it was replaced with " margot " for the 2023 atlantic hurricane season .
the spanish civil war ( 18 july 1936 – 1 april 1939 ) was a war in which the spanish general francisco franco and his troops successfully took control of spain . a lot of different groups worked together with the spanish republic ( the government of the time ) to stop him , including socialists , communists , anarchists , and other leftist groups . the fascist governments of germany and italy provided troops and supplies for franco , while the communist soviet union sold the republican forces weapons . lots of people from other countries volunteered to fight against franco ( sometimes against the orders of their own countries ) , including people from the united states , the united kingdom , france , belgium , germany , italy , and many other countries . these groups were known as the international brigades . the war ended on 1 april 1939 when the last of the republican troops gave up . franco became the ruler of spain until he died in 1975 . half a million people died in the war , and many atrocities were committed by both sides . the most famous was the bombing of guernica . on april 26 , 1937 , guernica was bombed by legion condor , supported by hitler 's nazi regime . it was the first time that large civilian casualties resulted . the bombing was reported all over the world in newspapers , and made people aware of german involvement .
the sri lankan civil war was a war fought in the island of sri lanka . it started on 23 july 1983 . there was a revolt against the government by the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( also called the tamil tigers - தமிழீழ விடுதலைப் புலிகள் . ) . they fought to create an independent state for tamil people called tamil eelam in the north and the east of the island.the war lasted for 26 years . a ceasefire in the early 2000s broke down and the fighting began again . the sri lankan military defeated the tamil tigers in may 2009 . the civil war caused a terrible setback to the social , cultural , and economic life of the country . tens of thousands of people were killed .
pope pius may mean :
cord may refer to :
restoration may refer to :
selena may be for :
northern league may refer to :
chamber can mean several things :
a boom can mean different things :
manji or mangi may mean :
plainfield is the name of several places
hellebores are a type of plant .
greenville is a city in washington county , mississippi .
the flag of togo was created in april 1960 .
this is a list of rivers of south africa .
fairfield is a city of kentucky in the united states .
okay is a town in oklahoma in the united states .
cascade is a city in iowa in the united states .
the following lists give the communes of france within each department :
lineville is a city in iowa in the united states .
the town is best known for making porcelain and other ceramics .
churdan is a city in iowa in the united states .
clay city is a city of kentucky in the united states .
cairo is a town of west virginia in the united states .
pilot mound is a city in iowa in the united states .
monrovia is a city in california , united states .
south barrington is a village in illinois in the united states .
colona is a city in illinois in the united states .
farmington is a city in the us state of arkansas .
afghanistan national football team is the national football team of afghanistan .
mcintire is a city in iowa in the united states .
the year 1523 was a common year which started on thursday .
do ab is a village in bamyan province in central afghanistan .
mundelein is a village in illinois in the united states .
gene autry is a town of oklahoma in the united states .
bari is a province in the region of apulia in italy .
talihina is a town in oklahoma in the united states .
thamusemeant is an american folk rock band from virginia .
kili is a village in cyprus in the paphos district .
rockingham county is the name of three counties in the united states :
virginia is a city in the state of illinois in the united states .
hodges is a town in the u.s. state of alabama .
poquoson is a city in virginia in the united states .
these are some of the largest onshore wind farms in the uk :
malaya is both a name and word that has different meanings in different places .
lanas is a commune in the ardèche " département " in southern france .
this is a gallery of flags of north american countries and affiliated international organizations .
bartholomew county is a county in indiana . its county seat is columbus .
coeburn is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
nikolai lugansky ( ; born 26 april 1972 ) is a russian pianist .
helensburgh f.c . is a football club which plays in scotland .
ghindeni is a commune found in dolj county , romania .
modena f.c . is a football club which plays in italy .
uncobasidium is a genus of fungi in the family meruliaceae .
annapolis is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in illinois in the united states .
vaz / obervaz is a municipality of the canton of graubünden in switzerland .
angelo carlos pretti ( born august 10 , 1965 ) is a former brazilian football player .
phenix , virginia is a town in the u.s. state of virginia .
shadow hills is a semi-rural neighborhood in northern los angeles , california , usa .
cherokee city is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in the us state of arkansas .
stoke newington is an area of the london borough of hackney , northeast of central london .
the west midlands is an official region of england , covering the western half of the midlands .
woodlawn is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in the us state of arkansas .
kudensee is a municipality of the district steinburg , in schleswig - holstein , germany .
orriule is a commune in the pyrénées - atlantiques department in southwestern france .
kansas has 4 congressional districts . each has a member in the united states house of representatives .
la riviera is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in sacramento county , california .
the london borough of wandsworth is a london borough . it is in south west london .
kalleli is a village in pathanamthitta district , kerala state , india .
the penguins of madagascar is a nicktoons spinoff series of the movie " madagascar " .
chalais is a municipality of the district of sierre in the canton of valais in switzerland .
a octadecagon or 18 - gon is a shape with 18 sides and 18 corners .
a historian is someone who studies history . historian use written sources to understand past events and societies .
sagitta is a constellation in the northern sky.its area is 80sq . deg .
the university of iowa is a college in iowa city , iowa . it was founded in 1847 .
sussex county is the northernmost county in the state of new jersey . its county seat is newton .
kolkata district is an administrative district of west bengal . the city of kolkata is headquarters of the district .
root is a municipality of the district of lucerne - land in the canton of lucerne in switzerland .
crassier is a municipality in the district of nyon in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
giornico is a municipality of the district leventina in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
bettwil is a municipality of the district muri in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
villy is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
luke moore ( born 13 february 1986 ) is an english footballer . he plays for west bromwich albion .
grandchamp is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
höör municipality ( ) is a municipality in skåne county in southern sweden . the seat is in höör .
isone is a municipality of the district bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
the wilson 's bird - of - paradise is a small bird of the paradisaeidae family .
gävle municipality ( ) is a municipality in gävleborg county in northern sweden . the seat is in gävle .
doyet is a french commune . it is in the allier department in the center of france .
the academy awards for best dance direction is an academy award . it was given between 1935 and 1937 only .
strueth is a commune . it is in the haut - rhin department of east france .
retalhuleu is a department in guatemala . the capital is the city of retalhuleu .
in japan , a ward ( japanese : 区 , ku ) is one of the divisions of a large city .
müntschemier ( ) is a little municipality in the administrative district of seeland in the canton of berne in switzerland .
italy at the military world games has participated in all editions held , since the first edition of 1995 military world games .
egliswil is a municipality of the district lenzburg in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
frança ( born 2 march 1976 ) is a brazilian football player . he plays for kashiwa reysol .
saubraz is a municipality in switzerland . it is in morges , in the canton of vaud .
untersiggenthal is a municipality of the district of baden in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
albon - d'ardèche is a town and commune of the ardèche " département " , in the southern part of france .
peter fox ( born september 3 , 1971 in berlin ) is a german reggae - and hip - hop - musician .
citronelle is a city in alabama in the united states . it is about north of semmes .
" for the state capital , see salem , oregon.salem is a city of kentucky in the united states .
pinehurst resort is a historic golf resort in pinehurst , north carolina . it is in the coastal plains .
bournos is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
ricardo luiz zonta ( born march 23 , 1976 in curitiba ) is a brazilian racecar driver .
lucgarier is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
egesheim is a municipality of the district of tuttlingen in the state of baden - württemberg in germany .
jand tehsil is one of the six tehsils ( subdivisions ) of attock district in the punjab province of pakistan .
concepción is the second city in importance of the republic of chile with 889,725 inhabitants ( 2002 census ) .
life changes is the sixth studio album by german dj group sash ! . it was released on 8 november 2013 .
mönsterås is an urban area in the county of kalmar in sweden . it is the seat of mönsterås municipality .
laholm municipality ( ) is a municipality in halland county in southern sweden . the seat is in laholm .
svenstavik is an urban area in the county of jämtland in sweden . it is the seat of berg municipality .
biriatou is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
charmes - sur - rhône is a town and commune of the ardèche " département " , in the southern part of france .
sköldinge is a locality in katrineholm municipality in södermanland county in sweden . in 2010 , 604 people lived there .
oppens is a municipality of the district gros - de-vaud in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
varberg is an urban area in the county of halland in sweden . it is the seat of varberg municipality .
arcy - sur - cure is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
north mississippi allstars is a blues - rock band from hernando , mississippi . it was started in 1996 .
love & basketball is a 2000 romantic drama movie . it was the first movie directed by gina prince - bythewood .
arundel castle is a castle in arundel , west sussex , england . it was built by edward the confessor .
alster is a locality in karlstad municipality in värmland county in sweden . in 2010 , 586 people lived there .
the bbc symphony orchestra is the main orchestra of the british broadcasting corporation . it is one of the best orchestras in britain .
wolfgang feiersinger ( born 30 january 1965 ) is a former austrian football player . he has played for austria national team .
gesunda is a locality in mora municipality in dalarna county in sweden . in 2010 , 229 people lived there .
fernando del paso morante ( april 1 , 1935 – november 14 , 2018 ) was a mexican novelist , essayist and poet .
saúl martínez ( born 29 january 1976 ) is a honduran football player . he plays for marathón and honduras national team .
poilly - sur - tholon is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
the salzburger ak 1914 is a football club from salzburg . it was founded 1914 and is the oldest football club in salzburg .
hemphill is a city in the u.s. state of texas . it is the county seat of sabine county .
ricardo gomes ( born 13 december , 1964 ) is a former brazilian football player . he has played for brazil national team .
quique sánchez flores ( born 2 february 1965 ) is a former spanish football player . he has played for spain national team .
the quasi-war was an undeclared naval war fought between the united states and the french republic between 1798 and 1801 .
the name ana was given to six tropical cyclones in the atlantic ocean . so far , no tropical cyclone named ana reached hurricane strength .
year 1059 ( mlix ) was a common year starting on friday ( link will display the full calendar ) of the julian calendar .
hazlehurst is a city in the u.s. state of georgia . it is the county seat of jeff davis county .
vevay is a town in the state of indiana , in the united states . it is the county seat of switzerland county .
saint - martin - sur - ocre is a commune . it is found in the yonne department in the center of france .
asier del horno ( born 19 january 1981 ) is a spanish football player . he plays for real valladolid .
lodhran district ( ) is a district in the punjab province of pakistan . the city of lodhran is the capital .
liz bonnin is a french television presenter . she was born on 16 september 1976 in france . she works for the bbc .
faisalabad district ( ) is a district in the punjab province of pakistan . the city of faisalabad is the capital .
cutry is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
atlanta is a town in the state of indiana , in the united states . as of the 2010 census , the population was 725 .
lindenberg im allgäu is the second largest town of the district of lindau in bavaria , germany . it is an air health resort .
storvreta is a locality in uppsala municipality in uppsala county in sweden . in 2010 , 6,347 people lived there .
moacir rodrigues santos ( born 21 march 1970 ) is a former brazilian football player . he has played for brazil national team .
jorge dely valdés ( born 12 march , 1967 ) is a former panamanian football player . he has played for panama national team .
antonino rocca ( born antonino biasetton , april 13 , 1927 – march 15 , 1977 ) was an italian professional wrestler .
pietro vierchowod ( born 6 april , 1959 ) is a former italian football player . he has played for italy national team .
kathleen k. kennedy ( born 5 june 1953 ) is an american movie producer . as of june 25 , 2018 , she is unemployed .
saint - rivoal ( ) is a commune . it is found in the region brittany in the finistère department in the northwest of france .
la garnache is a commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendée department in the west of france .
svenljunga is an urban area in the county of västra götaland in sweden . it is the seat of svenljunga municipality .
freeport is a village in barry county in the u.s. state of michigan . the population was 483 at the 2010 census .
coyolles is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
the tatar language is a turkic language that is spoken by the tatar people , and is the official language of the republic of tatarstan in russia .
ridgefield is a town in fairfield county , connecticut , united states . it had a population of 24,638 at the 2010 census .
pierre van hooijdonk ( born 29 november 1969 ) is a former dutch football player . he has played for netherlands national team .
rmjm is an international architecture and design network . rmjm is an acronym . rmjm stands for " robert matthew johnson marshall " .
the university of houston is a public university in houston , texas . it was started in 1927 , and has nearly 35,000 students .
in a " general sense " channel means connection.in a more " specific sense " it may mean : in context with water : in other context :
feixi is a county . it is in the province of anhui , china . it is under the administration of hefei city .
van zandt county is a county in northeastern texas . in 2010 , 52,579 people lived there . the county seat is canton .
saint - martin - d'arrossa is a commune of the pyrénées - atlantiques " département " in the southwestern part of france .
the federal capital territory ( fct ) is a federal territory in central nigeria . the capital is abuja , which is also the national capital .
a traditional tribal chief is the leader of a tribe , or the head of a tribal form of government . a tribal chief is also called a chieftain .
bayonvillers is a commune . it is in the region hauts - de-france in the somme department in the north of france .
annebault is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
lestrem is a commune . it is in nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in north france .
bollebygd is an urban area in the county of västra götaland in sweden . it is the seat of bollebygd municipality .
oxford is a town in cumberland county , nova scotia , canada east of amherst . the town is on routes 104 , 204 , 301 , and 321 .
superior is a city in nuckolls county , nebraska , united states . as of the 2010 census , the city population was 1,957 .
hamilton county is a county of ohio in the united states . in 2010 , 802,374 people lived there . the county seat is cincinnati .
my cephei is a red supergiant star located in the cepheus constellation . it is 1,134 times larger than the sun .
sigma octantis is the current southern pole star . it is an f - type giant star . it is 7,415 degrees kelvin .
mecklenburg county is a county in north carolina . in 2010 , 1,054,835 people lived there . the county seat is charlotte .
buntingford is a town near the a10 road in hertfordshire , england . in 2001 there were 4,820 living in buntingford .
jizya or jizyah was a tax imposed upon dhimmi , non-muslim residents in muslim countries , as in the ottoman empire .
illiat is a commune . it is found in the region auvergne - rhône - alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
morissen ( ) is a former municipality , in the new municipality of lumnezia and the district surselva in the canton of graubünden in switzerland .
roberts county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 929 people lived there . the county seat is miami .
bromic acid is a chemical compound . it is also an acid . its chemical formula is hbro . it contains hydrogen and bromate ions .
william henry " hank " green ll ( born may 5 , 1980 ) is an american youtube celebrity and musician . he is the younger brother of john green .
marsa is a commune of 18 people ( 2017 ) . it is in the region occitanie in the aude department in the south of france .
oisy , aisne is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
sainte - croix , aisne is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
treuchtlingen is a town in the weißenburg - gunzenhausen district , in bavaria , germany . it has about 12,900 inhabitants .
thomas bach , ( born 29 december 1953 ) is a german lawyer and former olympic fencer . bach is the ninth and current president of the international olympic committee .
pierre duchesne ( born february 27 , 1940 ) is a canadian statesman . he was the 28th lieutenant - governor of quebec . he represents the crown .
aetingen is a former municipality in the new municipality of buchegg and in the district bucheggberg in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
oberstrass is a quarter in the district 6 in zürich . until 1893 it was a municipality on its own . then it became part of zürich .
santa rosa is a city in and the county seat of guadalupe county , new mexico , united states . the population was 2,848 at the 2010 census .
webb is the northernmost town in herkimer county , new york , united states . as of the 2010 census it had a population of 1,807 .
the angelic upstarts are an anti-fascist oi ! punk rock band who started in south shields , north - east england in 1977 .
hainan airlines is an airline from the people 's republic of china . the airline started in october 1989 . it is the 4th biggest airline in china .
little dunmow is a village and civil parish in uttlesford , essex , england . in 2001 there were 310 people living in little dunmow .
the 1934 fifa world cup was a football ( soccer ) sporting event that was held in italy in 1934 . italy won the trophy after beating czechoslovakia in the final .
interstate 4 is a interstate highway in state of florida . it runs from interstate 75 in tampa to interstate 95 in daytona beach . it also travels through orlando .
charnas is a town and commune of the ardèche " département " , in the southern part of france . about 715 or 722 people lived there in 2008 .
the franks are medieval germanic tribes.franks may also refer to : franks is a surname : franks may also be an alternative spelling or mistranslation of :
blanzy - lès - fismes is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
the cathedral of solsona is a cathedral in solsona , catalonia , spain . the apse , in roman style , probably dates from the twelfth century .
condé - sur - ifs is a commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
greysouthen is a village and civil parish in allerdale , cumbria , england . in 2001 there were 508 people living in greysouthen .
zapata is a census - designated place ( cdp ) in the u.s. state of texas . it is the county seat of zapata county .
smothered , covered & chunked is the thirteenth studio album by american hip - hop group insane clown posse . the album was released on august 14 , 2012 .
fillmore is a small city in ventura county , california , united states in the santa clara river valley . the population was 15,002 at the 2010 census .
action comics is an current comic book series . superman first appeared in it . it is one of the longest comic series in america . it started in 1938 .
the 97th edition of the tour de france took place from 3 to 25 july . the winner was andy schleck , because alberto contador was disqualified .
the is a river in fukui prefecture , japan . it stretches from mount kanmuri in the town of ikeda to the hino and the kuzuryū rivers .
haan is a town of the district of mettmann in the state of north rhine - westphalia in germany . since 1975 , gruiten belongs to haan .
ellen louise axson wilson ( may 15 , 1860 – august 6 , 1914 ) , first wife of woodrow wilson was first lady of the united states from 1913 until her death .
edegem is a municipality in the belgian province of antwerp.in 2007 , 21616 people lived there.it is at 51 ° 09 north , 04 ° 26 east .
" the gift of the magi " is a short story by o. henry . it was published in " the new york sunday world " on december 10 , 1905 .
a sideboard is a piece of furniture . it is often placed in a dining room with a long table and cupboard below to hold dishes , glasses , and other things .
montolieu is a commune of 846 people ( 2017 ) . it is in the region occitanie in the aude department in the south of france .
kellinghusen is a town of the district of steinburg , in schleswig - holstein , germany . as of 31 december 2018 , 8,142 people lived there .
the arrondissement of altkirch is an arrondissement of france in the haut - rhin department in the grand est region . its capital is the city of altkirch .
coevorden is a city in the north - east of the netherlands , in the province of drenthe . it has about 35,000 inhabitants ( 2016 ) .
agostino de laurentiis , usually credited as dino de laurentiis ( 8 august 1919 – 10 november 2010 ) , was an italian academy award - winning movie producer .
halabja ( kurdish : helebce , هەڵەبجە ) is a city in iraqi kurdistan , the capital of the halabja governorate . it is northeast of baghdad .
la bañeza is a municipality in the province of león , castile and león , spain . according to the 2005 census ( ine ) , 10,123 people lived there .
west hanningfield is a village and civil parish in city of chelmsford , essex , england . in 2001 there were 1008 people living in west hanningfield .
flushing is a neighborhood in the queens borough of new york city . flushing is the largest urban center in new york . new york 's second - biggest chinatown is there .
helions bumpstead is a village and civil parish in braintree district , essex , england . in 2001 there were 473 people living in helions bumpstead .
dekalb county is a county in the u.s. state of indiana . as of 2010 , 42,223 people lived there . the county seat is auburn .
the arrondissement of perpignan is an arrondissement of france . it is part of the pyrénées - orientales " département " . its capital is the city of perpignan .
venasque is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
barbour county is a county in north - central west virginia , usa . at the 2010 census , the population was 16,589 . the county seat is philippi .
stapleton is a village and civil parish in city of carlisle , cumbria , england . in 2001 there were 221 people living in stapleton . it has a church called st mary .
malone is a town in hill county , texas , united states . about 280 people lived in malone as of the year 2000 . malone has an area of 0.5 square miles .
clarence m. kelley ( october 24 , 1911august 5 , 1997 ) was an american politician . he was the second director of the federal bureau of investigation from 1973 to 1978 .
this is a list of national hockey league ( nhl ) players who have played at least one game in the nhl from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with " s " .
morgan county is a county in the u.s. state of kentucky . as of the 2010 census , the population was 13,923 . its county seat is west liberty .
lila & eve is an american drama movie . it was directed by charles stone iii . it was written by pat gilfillan . the movie stars jennifer lopez and viola davis .
machias is a town in and the county seat of washington county in downeast maine , united states . as of the 2010 census , the town population was 2,221 .
muhammad nurul islam is a bangladeshi diplomat from chittagong , who was born on june 1943 . he currently serves as a honorary consul general of japan in chittagong , bangladesh .
lubbock county is a county in the u.s. state of texas . in 2010 , 278,831 people lived there . the county seat is lubbock .
typhoon lekima was a severe western pacific tropical cyclone in october 2013 . lekima was an unusual category 5 super typhoon.at her peak , lekima had winds of .
poway is a city in san diego county , california . as of the 2010 census the city had a population of 47,811 . the zip code is 92064 .
east palestine is a village in eastern columbiana county , ohio , united states . in 2010 , 4,721 people lived there . it is on the ohio - pennsylvania border .
the tarn is a river in southern france , tributary of the garonne river . the tarn and tarn - et - garonne departments are named after this river .
hira is a cave . it is on the arabian peninsula . mohammad lived in this cave for forty days . muslims believed that god spoke to mohammad in hira through angel gabriel .
kaoru moto ( april 25 , 1917 - august 26 , 1992 ) was a united states army soldier . he received the medal of honor because of his actions in world war ii .
clay county is a county in the u.s. state of minnesota . as of the 2010 census , 58,999 people lived there . the county seat is moorhead .
lincoln county is a county in the u.s. state of nebraska . as of the 2010 census , 36,288 people lived there . the county seat is north platte .
midvale is a city in salt lake county , utah , united states . midvale 's population was 33,208 according to 2017 estimates from the u.s. census bureau .
the ballycroy national park is a national park in county mayo in ireland . the main feature of the park is blanket bog and mountainous wilderness . the size of the park is .
eight cousins , or the aunt - hill is a book by louisa may alcott . it was published in 1875 . it tells the story of orphan rose campbell and her eight aunts .
robert bortuzzo ( born march 18 , 1989 ) is a canadian ice hockey defenceman . he currently plays for the st. louis blues of the national hockey league ( nhl ) .
the big bang theory is an american television sitcom . it was created and executive produced by chuck lorre and bill prady . it was first shown on cbs on september 24 , 2007 .
marshall county is a county located in the u.s. state of south dakota . as of the 2010 census , 4,656 people lived there . its county seat is britton .
a tripod is a tool for balancing cameras . without a tripod , it can be hard to keep a camera steady . a tripod is very useful when taking pictures in low light .
fairlington is an unincorporated neighborhood in arlington county , virginia , united states . it is located adjacent to shirlington in the southernmost part of the county on the boundary with the city of alexandria .
the chicago city council is the legislative branch of the government of the city of chicago in illinois . it is made up of 50 aldermen elected from 50 wards to serve four - year terms .
headland is a city in henry county , alabama , united states . it is part of the dothan , alabama metropolitan statistical area . at the 2000 census the population was 3,523 .
yakovlev yak - 18 ( russian : яковлев як - 18 ; nato reporting name : max ) is a soviet 2 - seat military fighter designed by yakovlev .
the flag of samoa is a red field with the blue rectangle on the upper hoist - side quadrant bearing the southern cross of four white larger five - pointed stars and the smaller star in the center .
wood county is a county in the state of wisconsin in the united states . 75,555 people were living in wood county as of 2000 . the county seat of wood county is wisconsin rapids .
hoboken is an american city in the state of new jersey . it is by the hudson river in hudson county , across from manhattan . in 2010 , 50,005 people lived there .
the texas rangers were texans that rode on horses in order to capture the antifederalists in alamo . they were nominated by president jackson in 1824 after his refusal to annex texas as a state .
the frankfurt stock exchange ( " in german börse frankfurt " ) is a stock exchange in frankfurt , hesse . it is the biggest stock exchange in germany by the amount of money exchanged and the number of companies .
the ron , ronic , or ron – fyer , ( a. 4 west chadic ) languages are a branch of west chadic languages . they are spoken in the plateau state of north nigeria .
the boutonne is a river of western france that flows through the deux - sèvres and charente - maritime departments , in the nouvelle - aquitaine region . it is a right tributary of the charente river .
blair county is a county located in the u.s. state of pennsylvania . as of the 2010 census , the population was 127,089 . its county seat is hollidaysburg .
chapelle - lez - herlaimont is a municipality in the belgian province of hainaut.in 2007 , 14121 people lived there.it is at 50 ° 28 north , 04 ° 17 east .
peya mushelenga ( born 1975 ) is a namibian politician and poet . he is a swapo mp . since february 2018 , he has been the minister of urban and rural development .
dennis king ( born ) is a canadian politician . he is the 33rd and current premier of prince edward island since may 2019 . he is also the leader of the progressive conservative party of prince edward island .
erling eidem , born 23 april 1880 in gothenburg , sweden , dead 14 april 1972 in vänersborg , sweden was a swedish theologian . he served as the lutheran archbishop of uppsala between 1931 and 1950 .
antonio brown ( born july 10 , 1988 ) is an american football wide receiver he was drafted by pittsburgh in the 6th round of the 2010 nfl draft . brown played college football at the university of central michigan .
the abdomen is the part of the body that is between the chest and the thigh . it contains ( has in it ) the abdominal muscles and many organs . some of the organs in the abdomen are :
bonson , alpes - maritimes is a commune . it is found in the region provence - alpes - côte d'azur in the alpes - maritimes department in the south of france .
maria barbara bach ( 20 october 1684 – 7 july 1720 ) was the wife of the german composer johann sebastian bach . she was also the mother of the composers carl philipp emanuel bach and wilhelm friedemann bach .
the cathedral of our lady of the holy assumption ( ) , better known as valladolid cathedral , is a roman catholic cathedral in valladolid , spain . it was designed by juan de herrera .
rally - x is a arcade video game released by namco in 1980 . the player moves a car around a maze . the player tries to collect 10 " flags " . players can lose a life by :
saint - nicolas , pas - de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord - pas - de-calais in the pas - de-calais department in the north of france .
saint - mars - sur - la - futaie is a commune of 623 people ( 1999 ) . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
a library classification is a system of organization by which library resources are arranged according to subject.it is a implication of the third law of library & information science , which was given by dr. s r ranganathan .
mahmoud abdel razek fadlallah ( ; born 5 march 1986 ) , or shikabala ( ) is an egyptian footballer . he plays for al - raed fc on loan from zamalek .
mária pozsonec ( 16 january 1940 – 4 april 2017 ) was a hungarian - born slovenian politician . from 1990 and 2008 , she served as representative of the hungarian national community in the national assembly of slovenia .
the 2014 – 15 uefa champions league was the 23rd uefa champions league , and the 60th season of a european club tournament being played . the defending champions were real madrid , however , barcelona won their 5th title over juventus .
29 is a year in the 1st century . it was a common year starting on saturday of the julian calendar . at the time , it was known as the year of the consulship of geminus and geminus .
paul lukas ( born pál lukács ; may 26 , 1894 – august 15 , 1971 ) was a hungarian actor . he won the academy award for best actor for his role in " watch on the rhine " ( 1943 ) .
rheumatism or rheumatic disorder is a general term for medical problems that can hurt the heart , bones , joints , kidney , skin and lungs . the study of these problems is called rheumatology .
kristina orbakaitе ( , , born 25 may 1971 ) , is a russian singer and actress . she is the daughter of russian pop star alla pugacheva and lithuanian circus performer mykolas orbakas .
rudi van dantzig ( 4 august 1933 – 19 january 2012 ) was a dutch choreographer , ballet dancer and writer . from 1965 until his death he was the artistic co-leader of the dutch national ballet in amsterdam .
allan hunter ( born 30 june 1946 in northern ireland ) is a former northern irish football player.he was a defender . he also spent most of his career at ipswich town . he made over 350 appearances in eleven years .
the dark knight rises is a 2012 british - american superhero movie , and a sequel to " the dark knight " and a second sequel to " batman begins " . it was the last movie in " the dark knight trilogy " .
fountain hill is a town in ashley county , arkansas , united states . the population was 175 at the 2010 census . fountain hill is located at ( 33.355421 , -91.851173 ) .
smiths grove is a city of kentucky in the united states . the horror movie , halloween , was set in smiths grove . the movies ' director , john carpenter , grew up in bowling green , about 15 miles away .
narrabeen man is the name given to a 4,000 - year - old skeleton of a tall australian aboriginal man found during road works in narrabeen , a coastal suburb north of sydney , in january 2005 .
barsebäck is a locality in kävlinge municipality in skåne county in sweden . it is located circa 4 kilometers east of barsebäckshamn . in 2010 , 524 people lived there . the places also known for the former barsebäck nuclear power plant ,
melide is a municipality of the district lugano in the canton of ticino in switzerland.melide is known world - wide for the famous swissminiatur , a museum that shows famous buildings in switzerland presented in miniature form .
pori is a city in finland . the city had a population of 83,364 as of 31 august 2012 . it covers without sea - areas.yyteri , a sand beach , is located at pori .
phoenix ( ) is a small and not - so - bright constellation in the southern sky . it is one of the birds in a " nest " of bird constellations near it . this constellation was named after the mythical phoenix .
todor stoyanov burmov ( ; 14 january 1834 – 7 november 1906 ) was a bulgarian politician . he was a member of the conservative party and the first prime minister of bulgaria when it became independent , in 1879 .
most of the 35 streams in cyprus are small and impermanent , meaning they do not stay . melting snow supplies water to a number of these until late april . others are merely winter torrents which go dry during the summer .
100 tears is a 2007 slasher comedy movie . the story is about revenge . this movie was released with an nc - 17 rating . the reviews were mainly negative , with a 28 % audience score on the rotten tomatoes website .
hot spring county is a county of the u.s. state of arkansas . as of the 2010 census , the population was 32,923 . the county seat is malvern . it was founded on november 2 , 1829 .
rudaw media network ( kurdish : تۆڕی میدیایی ڕووداو ) , sometimes called rudaw is a media group in kurdistan , got ricardo ortega fernández 's prize in " 6/12/2018 " .
banchory ( scottish gaelic : " beannchar " , ' blessed place ' ) is a burgh or town in aberdeenshire , scotland , lying approximately 18 miles west of aberdeen , near where the feugh river meets the river dee .
galegeae is a tribe of the subfamily faboideae . the tribe is found mostly in the northern hemisphere , but can also be found in australia , africa , and south america . the type genus is " galega " .
william griffiths ( 7 april 1912 – 14 april 1973 ) was a british labour party politician in the united kingdom . he was member of parliament for moss side from 1945 until 1950 . he represented manchester exchange from 1950 until his death in 1973 .
charles grey , 2nd earl grey , kg , pc ( 13 march 1764 – 17 july 1845 ) was a british whig statesman and prime minister . earl grey tea , a type of tea with a bergamot orange flavour is named after him .
iron man 3 , ( stylized as iron man three on movie ) is a 2013 american superhero movie featuring the marvel comics character iron man , directed by shane black , produced by kevin feige of marvel studios and distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
garmisch - partenkirchen is a " landkreis " ( district ) in bavaria , germany.the district is located in the bavarian alps and includes the highest mountain of germany , the zugspitze ( 2962 m ) .
frank cloud cooksey ( born june 3 , 1933 ) is an american politician . he was mayor of austin , texas from 1985 to 1988 . he is also an environmental activist , and is known for his progressive stance during his term as mayor .
katie green ( born on 28 august 1987 in chichester , west sussex ) is an english model . she is known for not listening to her modeling agencies , and remaining " heavier " than the modeling standards . she continues to model to this day .
the road to hell is paved with good intentions is an idiom or proverb . it is about the difference between what someone intends to do and what they actually do . in other words , the road to failure is made easier by good intentions .
irving moskowitz ( january 11 , 1928 – june 16 , 2016 ) was an american physician , businessman and philanthropist . his philanthropy , in part , helped create a jewish majority in arab neighborhoods of east jerusalem.moskowitz was of jewish descent .
tüscherz - alfermée ( ) was a municipality in the district nidau in the canton of berne in switzerland . on 1 january 2010 the former municipalities of tüscherz - alfermée and twann merged into the new municipality of twann - tüscherz .
the upper midwest is a region of the united states with no agreed - upon boundaries , but it almost always lies within the u.s. census bureau 's midwest region , which includes the states of minnesota , wisconsin , michigan , illinois , and indiana .
maymana , meymaneh or maimana ( persian : میمنه ) is the capital of faryab province , northern afghanistan . it is near the turkmenistan border . it is about 400 km northwest of the afghan capital kabul .
kunlun fight ( klf ) ( chinese : 昆仑决 ; pinyin : kūnlún jué ) is a china - based kickboxing promotion , currently seen as one of the top kickboxing promotions in the world . kunlun fight is headquartered in beijing .
princeton , is a city in and the county seat of mercer county , west virginia , united states . the population was 6,432 at the 2010 census . it is part of the bluefield , wv - va micropolitan area .
bebo is a social networking website . bebo stands for " blog early , blog often " . it started in january 2005 . it is mostly used by teenagers . it is now one of the main social networking sites on the internet .
the xv arica and parinacota region ( ) is one of chile 's 15 first order administrative divisions . it is the country 's newest region , created under law 20.175 . it became operational on 8 october 2007 .
mario gabriele andretti ( born february 28 , 1940 ) is a retired racecar driver . he won the 1969 indianapolis 500 , the 1978 formula one championship and won the 1967 daytona 500 . he is called the most successful american racecar driver .
in geometry , a side is a line that is part of a flat figure made from straight lines.as an example , the square on the right has four sides . the sides in this picture are made with black straight lines . the four sides are :
roanne is a french commune , a " subprefecture " in the loire department in central france . it is in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region . it is also the capital of the " arrondissement " of roanne .
tin ( ii ) fluoride , also known as stannous fluoride , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is snf . it contains tin and fluoride ions . the tin is in its +2 oxidation state .
young guns of texas is a 1962 american western movie . it was directed by maury dexter . actors include james mitchum , alana ladd , jody mccrea , gary conway , and chill wills . it was distributed by 20th century fox .
stanley norman cohen ( february 17 , 1935 ) is an american geneticist . he was the kwoh - ting li professor in the stanford university school of medicine.cohen and herbert boyer were the first scientists to transplant genes from one living organism to another .
pullman is a city in whitman county , on the eastern border of washington . the town 's population was measured in 2000 as 24,675 . the main campus of washington state university is located in pullman , along with primary and secondary schools .
splosion man ( originally explosion man ) is a 2009 platform videogame developed by beard , inc and twisted pixel games for the xbox 360 arcade system.in 2011 a sequel was released : ms.splosion man , equally for xbox 360 arcade system .
the epistle ( or letter ) to the philippians is a short book in the new testament . it is a letter to the church at philippi in macedonia from saint paul . it was written while paul was in jail for telling people about jesus .
in chemistry , cross-conjugation is a special type of conjugation ( a form of connection between two things ) in a molecule . when in a set of 3 pi bonds two pi bonds interact with each other by " conjugation " .
smosh is a web - based comedy duo . the members are ian hecox and anthony padilla who have been on youtube since 2005 . today they have over 5 different channels , over 300 videos on their main channel and over 10 million subscribers .
the town of palm beach is an incorporated town in palm beach county , florida , united states . the intracoastal waterway separates it from the cities of west palm beach and lake worth . as of 2004 , 9,860 people lived there .
the 16th century is the century from 1501 to 1600 . in this century , many europeans visited or moved to the newly - found americas and some also searched for new routes to asia . there was much change in europe , such as the protestant reformation .
darab ( , also romanized as dārāb ) — formerly darábghird , or darábgerd — is a city and capital of darab county , fars province , iran . at the 2006 census , its population was 54,513 , in 13,279 families .
windsor is a town in bertie county , north carolina , united states . the population was 3,630 at the 2010 census . it is the county seat of bertie county , north carolina . windsor is located in north carolina 's inner banks region .
the blackout is an welsh post-hardcore band from merthyr tydfil , wales . the blackout has six members in the band ; the current band members are sean smith , gavin butler , matthew davies , james davies , rhys lewis and gareth lawrence .
a lingua franca ( originally italian for " frankish language " - see etymology below ) is a language that is used between persons who have not the same mother tongue.the terms working language , bridge language and vehicular language are used in the same sense .
carlton " carl " reiner ( march 20 , 1922 – june 29 , 2020 ) was an american stand - up comedian , actor , director , producer , writer , voice artist , and comedian . he won nine emmy awards and one grammy award during his career .
a trisomy is when there are three copies of a chromosome . normally in humans there is only two copies of any given chromosome . the most notable condition is trisomy 21 syndrome which is better known as down syndrome , a form of developmental genetic disorder .
sir richard rodney bennett , cbe ( 29 march 193624 december 2012 ) was an english composer who was famous for his film music and his jazz performance as well as for music for the concert hall . he lived in new york city from 1979 until his death in 2012 .
doctor hannibal lecter is a fictional serial killer . he is a character in books by the crime drama writer thomas harris . several of these books have been made into movies . lecter was also the main character in an nbc television show called " hannibal " .
lichtenfels is a german town in franconia . its population is about 21,000 . it lies at the main river and between coburg and bamberg.it is also called the german basket city.its mayor is dr. bianca fischer .
the silver star ( officially the silver star medal ) , is the united states third highest military decoration for valor . it can be awarded to any person serving in the united states armed forces . the medal is awarded for gallantry in action against an enemy of the united states .
david h. levy ( born may 22 , 1948 ) is a canadian astronomer and science writer . he co-discovered comet shoemaker – levy 9 in 1993 , which collided with the planet jupiter in 1994 . levy was born in montreal , quebec , canada .
commission on higher education ( ched ) is the governing body covering both public and private higher education institutions in the philippines , including its degree - granting programs . the ched was established in may 18 , 1994 through republic act 7722 or the higher education act of 1994 .
jerzy młynarczyk ( born 2 august 1931 ) is a polish basketball player . he competed in the men 's tournament at the 1960 summer olympics . he was mayor of gdansk from 1977 to 1981 . he was born in vilnius , poland .
the ancient legend of orpheus and eurydice concerns the fateful love of orpheus of thrace , son of apollo and the muse calliope , for the beautiful eurydice ( from " eurudike " , " she whose justice extends widely " ) .
volvo s40 is a car produced by volvo from 1995 to 2012 in two generations . both generations had an estate versions . for the first generation it was called v40 ( 1995 - 2004 ) , for the second generation it was called v50 ( 2004 - 2012 )
in statistics , an estimator is a rule for calculating an estimate of a given amount based on observed data : thus the rule ( the estimator ) , the amount that is being measured ( the estimand ) and its result ( the estimate ) are different .
dhillon is a jatt clan . they originally came from the jodhpur region of rajasthan , and settled in the punjab , but today mostly live in the southern region of haryana ( around bhiwani , jind , jajjar , and kaithl ) .
erin richards ( born 17 may 1986 ) is a welsh actress . she was born in penarth , vale of glamorgan , wales . she is best known for playing molly hughes in the television series " breaking in " and barbara kean in the television series " gotham " .
saint - julien - de-mailloc is a former commune . it is found in the region basse - normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france . on 1 january 2016 , it was merged into the new commune of valorbiquet .
antonov an - 24 is soviet built twin - engine transport aircraft . it is used by both airlines and air forces . it is a short takeoff and landing aircraft.it is built under licence in china like y - 7 . an - 26 is a modernized variant .
north utica , often known as utica , is a village in utica township , lasalle county , illinois . the population was 1,352 at the 2010 united states census . it is part of the ottawa – streator micropolitan statistical area .
folkestone is a seaside town in kent , england , united kingdom . it has a eurostar train terminal near it , in ashford . but the channel tunnel is in folkestone . it is has a pebble beach and sandy beach and there are cliffs .
ashley judd ( born ashley tyler ciminella on april 19 , 1968 ) is an american actress . she is famous for her roles in a series of late 1990s and early 2000s thriller movies , including " kiss the girls " , " double jeopardy " and " high crimes " .
rwanda has been in seven summer olympic games . they have never been in the olympic winter games.rwanda has never won an olympic medal . jean de dieu nkundabera won a paralympic bronze medal for rwanda in wheelchair racing at the 2004 summer paralympics in athens .
emiliano díez ( born 26 august 1953 in havana , cuba ) is a cuban movie and television actor . he is best known for his role as victor palmero in the sitcom " george lopez " , as well as his role as manny beltrán in the sitcom " los beltrán " .
marzia kjellberg ( bisognin ; born 21 october 1992 ) is an italian internet personality , fashion designer , and businesswoman . she is known for her videos on her now - inactive youtube channel.in 2019 , she married youtuber felix kjellberg .
mccone county is a county found in the u.s. state of montana . as of the 2010 united states census , there were 1,734 people . its county seat is circle . the county was created in 1919 and named for state senator george mccone .
michael rennie ( born eric alexander rennie ; 25 august 1909 – 10 june 1971 ) was an english actor . he is best known for his starring role as the space visitor klaatu in the science fiction movie " the day the earth stood still " ( 1951 ) .
a vertical bar is the glyph " | " . it has several other names besides vertical bar , such as " pipe " , " vertical slash " , and " bar " . in math it may be put on both sides of a number to mean the absolute value .
kenosha is a city in kenosha county in the state of wisconsin . it is part of the chicago metropolitan area , but is nearer to milwaukee than it is to chicago . it is the fourth biggest city in the state after milwaukee , madison , and green bay .
alexandra david - néel ( full name louise eugénie alexandrine marie david ) born in saint - mandé , val - de-marne on 24 october 1868 , and died in digne - les - bains , on 8 september 1969 . she was a belgian - french explorer .
jane withers ( born 12 april 1926 ) is an american former child actress . she played josephine the plumber in comet cleaner ads in the 1960s and 1970s . she acted primarily in movies . she also acted on television . withers was born in atlanta , georgia .
robert francis " bobby " kennedy ( november 20 , 1925 – june 6 , 1968 ) , also called rfk , was a brother of former u.s. president john f. kennedy . he ran for president in 1968 , but was shot dead in california during the presidential primaries .
british rail assigned class 52 to the class of 74 large type 4 diesel - hydraulic locomotives built for the western region of british railways between 1961 and 1964 . all were given two - word names , with the first word being " western " , and thus the type became known as westerns .
anthony howard " tony " goldwyn is an american actor and voice artist . his well - known roles include carl bruner in " ghost " , tarzan in " tarzan " , colonel bagley in " the last samurai " and the president in the abc political drama " scandal " .
cat chaser is a 1989 thriller movie . the movie is about a former american paratrooper who runs a beachfront hotel in miami . he searches for a woman who saved his life in 1965 . kelly mcgillis plays mary . charles durning plays jiggs .
zeno of citium ( sometimes called zeno apathea ) ( 333 bc264 bc ) was a philosopher . he was the student of carates of thebes , who was the most famous cynic at that time . he started the stoic school of philosophy .
a question is what someone asks , usually when there is something that he or she does not know . in writing , a question mark ( " ? " ) comes at the end of a question . however , just because a question is asked does not mean there is an answer .
the slovene wikipedia ( " slovenska wikipedija " ) is the slovene - language edition of wikipedia . this edition started in february 2002 . as of october 2015 , it is the 42nd largest edition of wikipedia by number of articles.as of 2020 , it has about articles .
jenson alexander lyons button , mbe ( born 19 january 1980 in frome , somerset ) is a british formula one driver currently signed to mclaren mercedes . button won the formula one world drivers ' champion in 2009 . his father john button ( 1943 - 2014 ) was a racing driver .
leontyne price ( born february 10 , 1927 ) is an american soprano . she is particularly associated with verdi roles , notably in the operas " il trovatore " and " aida " . she was one of the first black singers to enjoy an international career in opera .
slope county is a county located in the u.s. state of north dakota . as of the 2010 census , 727 people lived there , making it the least populous county in north dakota and the 20th - least populous county in the united states . the county seat is amidon .
kanchanaburi ( ( pronunciation ) ) is the largest of the western provinces ( " changwat " ) of thailand.tourists are attracted by the history of its ancient civilisation and the world war ii bridge over the river khai ( also spelt " khwae " ) .
castlevania : portrait of ruin , known in japan as , is an action rpg video game made by konami for the nintendo ds handheld video game console . it 's the second game release for the system , and has a sequel that 's going to be released called " " .
a songwriter is a writer who creates songs . a songwriter generally writes songs for popular music , rather than art songs or classical music . many songwriters are also singers , and perform the songs they write - they are called singer - songwriters . other songwriters have their songs performed by other singers .
joseph anthony fiorenza ( born january 25 , 1931 ) is an american prelate of the catholic church . he was the seventh bishop and the first archbishop of galveston - houston from 1985 to 2006 . he was bishop of san angelo from 1979 to 1984 . he was born in beaumont , texas .
frank michael dileo ( october 23 , 1947 – august 24 , 2011 ) was an american music industry executive and actor . from 1984 to 1989 he was michael jackson 's manager . in 2009 he became jackson 's manager again . he was his manager until jackson died in june 2009 .
new roads ( historically ) is a city in and the parish seat of pointe coupee parish , louisiana , united states.the population was 4,831 at the 2010 census . the city 's zip code is 70760 . it is part of the baton rouge metropolitan statistical area .
lotta på liseberg is a sing - along event at liseberg in the town of gothenburg in sweden . it has been around since 21 june 2004 . broadcastings over tv 4 began on 22 june 2009 . since the beginning , lotta engberg has been the host .
stephanie murphy ( born đặng thị ngọc dung ; september 16 , 1978 ) is an american politician from florida . she has represented florida 's 7th congressional district since 2017 . murphy is the first vietnamese - american woman to serve in congress . she is a democrat.murphy is a protestant .
charley frank pride ( born march 18 , 1938 ) is an american country music singer , recording artist , baseball player , and businessman . along with stoney edwards and o.b . mcclinton , pride was and remains one of the most notable black country singers of the 1960s and 1970s .
nucleosynthesis is the physical process where lighter elements are changed into heavier elements . this usually happens in the center of a star , both during its life and especially during its violent death . it is also thought that this happened at the beginning of the universe , in the big bang .
norma is a food discount store . it has more than 1,300 stores in germany , france , the czech republic and austria . the stores are appearing as " norma " and " norma - rodi " , as norma has bought the company rodi . it was founded in 1964 .
bazouges - sur - le - loir is a former commune . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france . on 1 january 2017 , it was merged into the new commune of bazouges cré sur loir .
avenging force is a 1986 american action movie directed by sam firstenberg and written by james booth ( who also starred ) . it stars michael dudikoff , steve james , john p. ryan , marc alaimo and was distributed by cannon films . it is considered to be a cult film .
ringmaster is the second studio album by american horrorcore band , insane clown posse . it was released on january 28 , 1994 . the producers of the album were insane clown posse and mike e. clark . the album was the second of the " joker cards " in the dark carnival mythology .
kozani is a city in northern greece . it is the capital of kozani prefecture and of the region of macedonia . the population of the city is 38,591 , according to 2001 census . in district of kozani products the main amount of electrical energy of greece .
craig ward anton ( born august 28 , 1962 in omaha , nebraska ) is an american actor and comedian . anton is most notable for being the cast of comedians on the show " madtv " and for his role as " lloyd diffy " in the disney channel original series " phil of the future " .
the 2017 jiuzhaigou earthquake was the earthquake that happened on 8 august 2017 , in zhangzha town , jiuzhaigou county , ngawa prefecture , sichuan province , china . the earthquake was recorded at magnitude 7.0 . it killed at least 24 people in the area .
kazimierz marcinkiewicz ( ) ( born 20 december 1959 ) is a polish conservative politician . he was prime minister of poland from 31 october 2005 to 14 july 2006 . he was a member of the law and justice party ( " prawo i sprawiedliwość " , pis ) .
john ficarra is an american magazine editor and publisher . he has been the editor - in - chief of " mad magazine " since 1984 , sharing the same position for most of that time with nick meglin . he has been one of the editorial staff of the magazine for more than 25 years .
thomas hodgkin ( 17 august 1798 – 5 april 1866 ) was an english physician . he was born in pentonville , middlesex . he researched many kinds of diseases and discovered hodgkin 's disease . he died of dysentery in jaffa , ottoman syria .
taiwan has a lot of mountains , and mountain climbing is a favorite activity of the and many taiwanese people . a list of one hundred mountains ranking ( ) was created in 1971 , which listed the best mountains for climbing on the island . climbing all one hundred mountains is the greatest challenge for taiwanese climbers .
victor amadeus ii ( vittorio amedeo sebastiano ; 14 may 1666 – 31 october 1732 ) was duke of savoy from 1675 to 1730 . he also held the titles of marquis of saluzzo , duke of montferrat , prince of piedmont , count of aosta , moriana and nizza .
dame judith olivia dench ( born 9 december 1934 ) is an english movie , stage and television actress.judi dench has appeared in james bond movies since 1995 as the character m. she has also appeared in other large budget movies such as " mrs. henderson presents " and " ladies in lavender " .
the elder scrolls iv : oblivion is a role - playing video game . it was made by the american game maker bethesda in may 2006 . the game is for the xbox 360 video game console and the pc ( computer ) . it was also made for the sony playstation 3 in may 2007 .
the germanic languages are a branch of indo - european languages . they came from one language , " proto - germanic " , and were originally spoken in northern , western and central europe.the germanic languages are separated into the east germanic languages ( all extinct ) , the north germanic languages and the west germanic languages .
jean hurring ( née stewart , 23 december 1930 – 8 august 2020 ) was a new zealand swimmer . she won a bronze medal in the 100 m backstroke at the 1952 summer olympics . stewart was born in dunedin , new zealand.stewart died on 8 august 2020 in auckland at the age of 89 .
the domestic yak ( " bos grunniens " ) is a long - haired domesticated bovid found throughout the himalayan region of the indian subcontinent , the tibetan plateau and as far north as mongolia and russia . it is descended from the wild yak ( " bos mutus " ) .
the british rail class 155 " super-sprinter " is a diesel multiple unit . these dmus were built by british leyland at workington ( using leyland national bus components ) between 1987 and 1988 as part of british rail 's replacement of its ageing diesel fleet which were first - generation .
i spit on your grave is a 1978 american rape and revenge horror thriller movie . it was widely released in 1980 . this movie was very controversial . most critics did not like it . roger ebert gave the movie thumbs down . it became a cult classic in later years.it was remade in 2010 .
leon jackson ( born 30 december 1988 ) is a scottish singer . he won the 2007 uk series of the television show " the x factor " . his singles are " when you believe " , " do n't call this love " and " creative " . his album is " right now " .
haryana ( ) is a state in the republic of india . it is the birthplace of hinduism . the main dialect spoken in the area is haryanvi . the area is . it is larger than denmark but smaller than estonia . in traditional indian geography it falls under the north indian zone .
in the geologic timescale , the bajocian is an age or stage in the middle jurassic . it lasted from approximately 170.3 ma to around 168.3 ma ( million years ago ) . the bajocian age succeeds the aalenian age and precedes the bathonian age .
thanin kraivichien ( born april 5 , 1927 in bangkok , , ; first name also spelled " tanin " , last name " kraivixien " or " kraivichian " ) is a thai lawyer and politician . he was the 14th prime minister of thailand between 1976 and 1977 .
jorge ricardo ( born september 30 , 1961 in rio de janeiro , brazil ) is a jockey of thoroughbred horse racing , actually riding in argentina , who became the all - time winningest rider in history on february 5 , 2007 . he has since been passed by canadian - born , california - based rider russell baze .
narcao ( " narcàu " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sud sardegna in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 3,300 people lived there . its area is 85.88 km ² . it is 125 meters above sea level .
arzachena ( " alzachèna , altzaghèna " ) is a town and " comune " ( municipality ) in the province of sassari in sardinia , italy . as of 2016 , 13,650 people lived there . its area is 230.85 km ² . it is 85 meters above sea level .
david murray " sod " dryden ( born september 5 , 1941 in hamilton , ontario ) is a canadian retired ice hockey goaltender . dryden was known for the distinction of creating ( as well as being the first goaltender to employ ) the modern day goaltending mask consisting of a fiberglass mask with a cage .
wake up ! music album with his words and prayers is a progressive rock album by pope francis released on 27 november 2015 on believe digital . the album is actually just speeches by pope francis recorded in many locations worldwide between 2013 and 2015 . it also has music tracks of prayers and hymns by many italian artists and producers .
villars - burquin was a municipality in the jura - nord vaudois district in the canton of vaud in switzerland . on 1 july 2011 the municipalities of fontanezier , romairon , vaugondry and villars - burquin joined together to become the new municipality of tévenon .
bad godesberg is a district of the city of bonn in southern north rhine - westphalia , germany . from 1949 till 1999 bonn was the capital of west germany , and the majority of foreign embassies to germany were in bad godesberg . some buildings are still used as embassy branch offices or consulates .
female trouble is an american lgbt comedy movie . it is about 1960s baltimore mixed with sexual adventures and criminal activity . this movie was released on october 4 , 1974 in the united states by new line cinema . the rating is nc - 17 . this movie got very positive reviews . john waters directed this movie .
john albert kundla ( july 3 , 1916 – july 23 , 2017 ) was an american former college and professional basketball coach . he was the first head coach for the minneapolis lakers of the national basketball association ( nba ) . kundla died on july 23 , 2017 in minneapolis , minnesota at the age of 101 .
the group is known for energetic performances , incorporating elements of ballet , gymnastics , and action movies . in 2013 , it was the 4th music artist by total sales revenue in japan , with over ¥ 5.2 billion.momoiro clover z is ranked as the most popular female idol group according to 2013 and 2014 surveys .
kuwait has been in 10 summer olympic games . they have never been in the winter olympic games.in the 1992 barcelona games , kuwait received a bronze medal in taekwondo . it was only a demonstration sport that year so the medal was not official.the national olympic committee for kuwait was formed in 1957 and recognized in 1966 .
allan huber " bud " selig ( born july 30 , 1934 ) is an american baseball executive . he currently serves as the commissioner emeritus of baseball . before , he served as the ninth commissioner of baseball . he initially served as the acting commissioner beginning in 1992 before being named the official commissioner in 1998 .
marie gillain ( born 18 june 1975 ) is a belgian actress.in 1996 gillain received the prix romy schneider . she is single but has two daughters , dune ( born in 2004 , from musician martin gamet ) and vega ( born in 2009 , from french - italian actor christopher degli esposti ) .
six flags discovery kingdom is a 135 - acre ( 55 ha ) animal theme park located in vallejo , california . the park includes a variety of roller coasters and other amusement rides . it has a collection of animal exhibits and shows . discovery kingdom has been part of the six flags chain of amusement parks since 1999 .
the garden of aunt isabel ( spanish : el jardín de la tía isabel ) is a 1971 mexican movie directed by felipe cazals . it stars jorge martínez de hoyos , claudio brook , ofelia guilmáin , gregorio casal , alfonso arau , claudio obregón , aarón hernánn and was distributed by películas mexicanas .
coniston water ( usually called just coniston ) is a lake in cumbria . it is the third largest lake in the lake district . it is long and wide . the lake has an elevation of 143 feet ( 44 m ) above sea level . it drains to the sea via the river crake .
ancient armenia was a rocky land of ravines , rivers , rugged cliffs , and hundreds of stone monuments and churches . many survive to this day inside the turkish border near armenia . armenia anciently had far more bigger land than it has now.ancient armenia grew larger into parts of what are now turkey and iran .
circuit de nevers magny - cours is a motor racing circuit in france , near the towns of magny - cours and nevers . it is often called just magny - cours . it is most well known for hosting the formula one french grand prix , which was held there between 1991 and 2008 .
lev vygotsky ( – 11 june 1934 ) was a russian psychologist . he worked on child development , play and language . he also developed a holistic theory of human cultural and biosocial development.vygotsky 's early death to tuberculosis left many manuscripts . sorting them out has taken many years .
a hypodermic needle is a hollow steel tube that is sharpened into a needle so it can be jabbed ( inserted ) into somebody 's body . after it is in , medicine is pushed through the steel needle . the name " hypodermic " comes from two greek words meaning " below skin " .
arkansas , nicknamed the " land of opportunity " or " the natural state " , is a state in the united states of america . its capital and largest city is little rock . it has been estimated by the u.s. census bureau in 2015 that around 2,978,204 people live in arkansas .
frank fakaotimanava lui , ( born 19 november 1935 ) is a niuean politician . he was the premier of the pacific island state of niue from 12 march 1993 through 26 march 1999 . lui was appointed a companion of the new zealand order of merit in the 1999 queen 's birthday honours .
quercus basaseachicensis is a kind of oak tree in the fagaceae family . it is believed to be a cross of quercus rugosa and quercus depressipes it is native to chihuahua and durango in mexico , where there are five known small populations ; one in durango and four in chihuahua .
lyman frank baum ( may 15 , 1856 – may 6 , 1919 ) was an american writer of children 's books during the late 19th and early 20th centuries . he is best known for his most famous and popular book , " the wonderful wizard of oz " ( 1900 ) , and other " oz " books that followed it .
valencia ( ) or valència ( ) is a province of spain , in the central part of the autonomous valencian community . of the province 's over 2.5 million people ( 2018 ) , one - third live in the capital , valencia , which is also the capital of the autonomous community and the 3rd biggest city in spain .
bubble sort is a simple sorting algorithm . it is simple to understand , so it is usually taught to new students . it is not as efficient as some other sorting algorithms.bubble sort 's name comes from the fact that each item in the list “ bubbles ” up to where it should go , like bubbles in water .
gloria reuben ( born june 9th , 1964 ) is a canadian actress and singer . she acts in both television series and movies . reuben played elizabeth keckley in the 2012 movie " lincoln " . she played jeanie boulet in the medical drama " er " . the actress was born in toronto , ontario .
scream 3 is a 2000 american horror movie . it stars courteney cox and neve campbell . it was released via dimension , which was a division of miramax at that time.it is the third in the " scream " franchise . it came after " scream 2 " and was followed by " scream 4 " .
james ambrose johnson jr. ( 1 february 1948 - 6 august 2004 ) also known as rick james , was an american singer , songwriter , recording artist and producer . he was very popular during the late 1970s and 1980s , scoring four number one hits on the us r & b charts . he was born in buffalo , new york .
lorscheid is a village and a part of the ruwer ( municipality ) near trier in rhineland - palatinate , germany.lorscheid is on an old roman road . many archaeological settlements are nearby . the village is first mentioned in the inventory of the abbey of st. maximin in trier for the year 1211 .
claire windsor ( 14 april 1892 – 24 october 1972 ) was an american actress who acted primarily in movies in the silent era . her career lasted close to 27 years , although she made many very notable movies in her career . windsor was born in kansas . she died of a heart attack in los angeles , california at age 80 .
business class ( also known as executive class or upper class ) is a high quality second - tier travel class available on some commercial airlines and rail lines . its level of accommodation is higher than economy class and domestic first class but lower than international first class . however , many airlines offer only business class as the highest level of international service .
franz ritter von epp ( october 16 , 1868 in munich – december 31 , 1946 in munich ) was a german politician and a military officer in the german empire.between 1928 and 1945 he was a member of the german reichstag . from 1933 to 1945 he was the " reichsstatthalter " of bavaria .
the temptations are a successful r & b singing group . they formed in detroit , usa in 1960 . the temptations have four billboard hot 100 number - one singles and 14 billboard r & b number - one singles . they have three grammy awards . the temptations were the first motown act to earn a grammy award .
jeffrey mark robinson ( december 14 , 1961 – october 26 , 2014 ) was an american professional baseball player . he played pitcher in the major leagues from 1987 to 1992 . robinson pitched for the baltimore orioles , pittsburgh pirates , texas rangers and detroit tigers.robinson died in overland park , kansas from a short - illness , aged 52 .
léon kengo wa dondo ( born leon lubicz , 22 may 1935 ) is a congolese politician . he served as the " first state commissioner " ( prime minister ) several times under mobutu sese seko in zaïre . since 2007 , he has been president of the senate of the democratic republic of the congo .
samuel ichiye hayakawa ( july 18 , 1906 – february 27 , 1992 ) was a canadian - born american academic and politician . he was of japanese ancestry . he was a professor of english . he was the president of san francisco state university , and then as u.s . senator from california from 1977 to 1983 .
104.6 rtl is a german radio station . it first aired on 9 september , 1991 . it broadcasts in berlin and hopes that the 14 - 39 age group will listen . the studios are at the kurfürstendamm in berlin - charlottenburg . in 2005 the radio channel has been awarded the german radio award for the best morning show .
silicon graphics , inc. ( sgi ) is a company that makes high - end computers . the company was founded by jim clark and abbey silverstone in 1982 to make graphics display terminals . sgi was famous for making very good computers for 3d animation working on video and pictures . they invented many things that other companies still use today .
dorgon ( , 1612 - 1650 ) was the prince empire of qing dynasty . his surname was aisin gioro . his reign names were sing cong and chong de.dorgon was the 4th illegitimate son of taizu emperor ( nurhaci ) . half brother of huang taiji , half uncle of shunzhi emperor .
albert vitali ( 26 june 1955 – 12 june 2020 ) was a swiss fdp politician . he was born in oberkirch , switzerland . from 2011 until his death , national council . before from 1995 to 2011 , he was a member of the lucerne parliament.vitali died on 12 june 2020 from cancer , aged 64 .
josé francisco " el nene " sanfilippo ( born 4 may 1935 ) is a former argentine footballer who played as a striker . he was born in buenos aires . from 1953 to 1962 , sanfilippo played for san lorenzo and from 1957 to 1962 for the national team.he is the 5th highest scoring player in argentine football .
national harbor is a census - designated place along the potomac river in oxon hill , prince george 's county , maryland just south of washington , d.c. . it began as a multi-use waterfront development . in the 2010 census , its population was 3,788 . the conservative event cpac is located in national harbor .
the provincial assembly of the sindh is a unicameral house of elected representatives of people of sindh established under article 106 of the 1973 constitution of the islamic republic of pakistan . under this article , the total number of seats for the assembly through direct vote is 168 , of which 30 seats are reserved for women and 8 seats for non-muslims .
aberdeen is a city in the northeastern part of the u.s. state of south dakota . it is the third largest city in the state ; 26,091 people lived there at the 2010 census . the city is home to northern state university , a major college in the state of south dakota . aberdeen became a city in 1882 .
evergy is an electric utility in kansas city , missouri , united states . the company was created from a merger of westar energy of topeka and great plains energy of kansas city , missouri . evergy is the largest electric company in kansas . they serve 690,000 residential , commercial and industrial customers in the eastern third of kansas .
amapá is one of the states of brazil . it is in the far north , bordering french guiana in the north . to the east is the atlantic ocean , and to the south and west is the brazilian state pará.the state is mostly covered by rainforest . the state is known for producing iron and other metals.amapá has only been a brazilian state since 1988 .
runcorn is a town in cheshire , england . it is located within the borough of halton . in 2010 about 61,000 people lived there . it is on the southern bank of the river mersey.halton castle is the main landmark of the town . the norton priory is an important historical site in the town .
allan j. pinkerton ( 25 august 1819 – 1 july 1884 ) was a scottish – american detective and spy . he was best known for creating the pinkerton national detective agency . he was known for protecting then - president - elect of the united states abraham lincoln during the baltimore plot ( a plan to kill lincoln in baltimore , maryland in 1862 ) .
parma is a city in the region of emilia - romagna . it is the capital of the " province of parma " . about 190,000 people live in parma . it has one of the oldest universities of the world , the university of parma.parma has a humid subtropical climate ( " cfa " in the köppen climate classification ) .
" wake up call " is the second single off the second studio album by maroon 5 called " it wo n't be soon before long " . the song is also the 4th track on the album . the music video deals with the band committing crimes and levine acting as a murderer because of the murder of his girlfriends ex-boyfriend .
a cookbook , or cookery book , is kind of book that tells people how to prepare food for eating using specific instructions called a recipe . most cookbooks also have tips on how to eat and present the food as well . they usually list the ingredients needed , time needed to cook , and the instructions . they may give other tips too .
marian jurczyk ( 16 october 1935 - 30 december 2014 ) was a polish politician and solidarity trade union activist . he served as mayor of szczecin from 1998 through 2000 and from 2002 through 2006 . he was born in karczewice , second polish republic.jurczyk died in szczecin , poland , aged 79 .
the australian music prize ( the amp ) is a yearly award for an australian band or solo artist . it is $ 30,000 . the amp was formed in 2005 . the albums are judged on creative merit , not sales or popularity.the list of nominees is given in february . the winner is announced at an event in sydney in march .
a bed is a piece of furniture that people sleep on . it normally has a soft mattress on a bed frame . many beds also have bed sheets to cover the mattress and additional sheets for the people to sleep under . people also use a pillow under their heads . a bed comes in many different sizes including a single , double and king size .
richard charles albert holbrooke ( april 24 , 1941 - december 13 , 2010 ) was an american diplomat . he became well - known when he helped broker the dayton peace agreement , together with carl bildt . this agreement of 1995 helped end the war in bosnia - herzegovina.he died of a torn aorta on december 13 , 2010 .
the internet engineering task force , or ietf , is the main organization that researches and promotes new internet standards . it is an open volunteer organization.a request for comments , or rfc , is a document from the ietf . these are divided into several categories : informational , historical , and standard - track . only standard - track are internet standards .
alois hitler ( born alois schicklgruber , 7 june 1837 3 january 1903 ) was the father of adolf hitler . he was born in waldviertel . his third marriage , from 1883 until his death , was to adolf 's mother , klara who was also his niece . he was an austrian customs official .
yucca brevifolia is a plant species in the genus " yucca " and in the family agavaceae . its common names are joshua tree and yucca palm and tree yucca and palm tree yucca . they grow in the desert and do not have growth rings . the lack of grow rings makes it hard to tell the trees age .
michel naim aoun ( , ; born 18 february 1935 ) is a lebanese politician . he is the 17th and current president of lebanon . he was elected president on 31 october 2016 on the 46th electoral session of the lebanese parliament , breaking a 29 - month deadlock . he is a maronite christian and the founder of the free patriotic movement .
racing club is a football club that plays in argentina . this team is now playing in the primera división , the top division of argentine football league system . racing club is also known as one of " big five " ( " " los 5 grandes " " ) of argentine football , with independiente , river plate , boca juniors , and san lorenzo .
harry zvi tabor ( 7 march 1917 – 15 december 2015 ) was a british - born israeli physicist . he was known as the father of israeli solar energy . tabor was also involved in bringing israel 's solar energy program to international awareness.tabor was born in london . he died in jerusalem on 15 december 2015 at the age of 98 .
the subaru ascent is a mid-size sport utility vehicle made by subaru . the seven or eight - seat passenger suv , with a design based on the subaru viziv - 7 concept , made its debut at the la auto show on november 28 , 2017 , and will go on sale in the spring of 2018 as a 2019 model in north america .
man se is a german mechanical engineering company and parent company of the man group . it is a subsidiary of automaker volkswagen . man se is based in munich . its primary output is for the automotive industry , particularly heavy trucks . further activities include the production of diesel engines for various applications , including boats . the company also builds turbomachinery .
antonio maría vicente narciso borrero y cortázar ( 29 october 1827 – 9 october 1911 ) was vice president of ecuador from 1863 to 1864 and president from 9 december 1875 to 18 december 1876 . borrero was born in cuenca , ecuador on 29 october 1827 . he died on 9 october 1911 in quito , ecuador from natural causes , aged 83 .
murilo benício ribeiro ( born july 13 , 1971 , in niterói , rio de janeiro , brazil ) is a brazilian actor.benicio 's television roles include the popular telenovelas " o clone " and " américa " . benício has a son named antônio with actress alessandra negrini and a son named pietro with actress giovanna antonelli .
the county of tirana is one of the 12 counties of albania . it has the districts kavajë and tirana . the capital is tirana . there are 800,347 people . it has the most people of the counties of albania.ishëm river and the tiranë river both flow through the city.dajti national park is 26 km east of the capital of tirana .
cape breton island ( french : " île du cap - breton " - formerly " île royale " , scottish gaelic : " eilean cheap breatuinn " , míkmaq : " únamakika " , simply : " cape breton " ) is an island on the atlantic coast of north america . it likely corresponds to the european word " breton " , referring to brittany .
joan ganz cooney ( born joan ganz ; november 30 , 1929 ) is an american television producer . she is one of the founders of sesame workshop ( originally " children 's television workshop " or ctw ) , the organization famous for the creation of the children 's television show " sesame street " , which was also co-created by her .
the 2008 atlantic hurricane season is when many of the tropical cyclones formed in the atlantic ocean in 2008 . the season started on june 1 and ended on november 30 . tropical storm arthur formed two days early on may 30 , 2008 . during the 2008 atlantic hurricane season there was a total of sixteen named storms : 16 tropical storms , 8 hurricanes and 5 major hurricanes .
orthogonal frequency division multiplexing is a technology related to frequency division multiplexing . with it , many different signals can be sent over the same medium , at the same time . each signal uses a different basis function . by using the basis function given , the sender and recipient will then see " their " signal better , the other signals will be clearly separated .
dorothy morris ( february 23 , 1922 – november 20 , 2011 ) was an american actress . she played roles of " the girl next door " . she played sue in " cry havoc " . she played edith bryant in " this time for keeps " . morris was born in los angeles , california . she died at age eighty - nine in palm springs , california
a rhetorical question is a figure of speech in the form of a question . it is a question that is asked in order to make a point : it does not need a reply.the question is used as a rhetorical device or tool . the question is posed for the sake of persuasion , or to encourage the listener or reader to consider a message or viewpoint .
vmware , inc. is a company that makes software and is a global leader in the virtualization market . the company was founded in 1998 and is based in palo alto , california . the name " vmware " comes from the acronym " vm " , meaning " virtual machine " , while " ware " comes from second part of " software " .
the southern tenant farmers ' union ( stfu ) was founded as a trade union to help organize the farmers in the southern united states.it was started in the great depression to improve money problems and work conditions for farmers in the united statesat this time , landowners were being paid not to farm by the agricultural adjustment administration , but they were not all sharing the money with farmers .
lech trzeciakowski ( 24 december 1931 – 7 january 2017 ) was a polish historian . he was born in poznań , poland . trzeciakowski served as director of the western institute ( " instytut zachodni " ) in poznań from 1974 to 1978 . trzeciakowski died on january 7 2017 in poznań of cancer , aged 86 .
festus gontebanye mogae ( born 21 august 1939 ) is a motswana politician . he served as president of botswana from 1998 to 2008 . he succeeded quett masire as president in 1998 and was reelected in october 2004 . after being president for ten years , he stepped down in 2008 and was succeeded by lieutenant general ian khama .
army men , or plastic soldiers , are simple toy soldiers molded from green or other colored plastic . unlike the toy soldiers , which cost more , army men are sold at low prices in discount stores , supermarkets , and dollar stores . also unlike many toy soldiers , army men are sold unpainted and almost always dressed in modern military uniforms and armed with 20th century weapons .
estonia uses eastern european time ( eet ) ( utc +02:00 ) during winter , and eastern european summer time ( eest ) ( utc +03:00 ) during summer . estonia has observed daylight saving time since 1981 when it was part of the soviet union . however , it was n't used in 1989 - 1996 and 2000 - 2001 .
this is a list of rivers that are at least partially in france . the rivers are grouped by sea or ocean.in french , rivers are called " fleuves " when they flow into the sea ( or into a desert or lake ) . they are called " rivières " when they flow into another river . the " fleuves " are shown in bold .
naitasiri is one of the 14 provinces of fiji . it is on viti levu , fiji 's largest island . it is part of the central division.naitasiri has an area of . about 178,000 people lived there in 2017 . the main town is nasinu.the medrausucu mountain ranges are in the province .
the or momak is one of the major art museums in japan . it is in the okazaki area in kyoto.the museum has modern art , including japanese - style painting ( " nihonga " ) , western - style painting ( " yōga " ) , prints , sculpture , crafts and photography.the museum is currently undergoing renovation and will reopen in april 2012 .
bayram şit ( 1930 – 29 may 2019 ) was a turkish featherweight freestyle wrestler and coach . he competed at the 1952 and 1956 summer olympics . he won a gold medal in 1952 and placed fourth in 1956 . he also won a silver medal at the 1954 world championships . he was born in akşar , acıpayam.şit died on 29 may 2019 , at the age of 89 .
westville is a village in georgetown township , vermilion county , illinois , united states . it is part of the danville , illinois metropolitan statistical area . westville 's coordinates are ( 40.043286 , -87.637995 ) . according to the 2010 census , westville has a total area of , all land .
the 1976 democratic presidential primaries were the selection process by which voters of the democratic party chose its nominee for president of the united states in the 1976 u.s. presidential election.former georgia governor jimmy carter was selected as the nominee through a series of primary elections and caucuses culminating in the 1976 democratic national convention held from july 12 to july 15 , 1976 , in new york city .
negligent homicide is the crime of killing a person unintentionally through negligence . for example , someone might write a text message while driving a car , instead of paying attention to the road . if that makes them hit and kill someone , that is negligent homicide.it is a lesser crime than murder or manslaughter and the sentences are lower .
the south african republic ( dutch : " zuid - afrikaansche republiek " , zar ) , often informally called the transvaal republic , was a sovereign state in southern africa ruled by the afrikaners . it was defeated by the uk and its colonies , the british cape colony and the colony of natal in the second boer war and became the british colony of transvaal .
the house of windsor is the current royal house of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and each of the other commonwealth realms . the older part is a branch of the saxe - coburg and gotha line of the house of wettin , while the newer part is a branch of the schleswig - holstein - sonderburg - glücksburg line of the house of oldenburg .
rodney adolphus wilkes ( 11 march 1925 – 24 march 2014 ) was a weightlifter from trinidad and tobago . he was nicknamed " the mighty midget " for his great strength and height . he won a silver medal for weightlifting during the 1948 london . he then won the bronze medal at the 1952 summer olympics in helsinki . he competed in the 1956 summer olympics .
ivan 's childhood ( ) , sometimes released as my name is ivan is a 1962 russian world war ii drama movie directed by andrei tarkovsky and is based on the 1957 short story " ivan " by vladimir bogomolov . it stars nikolai burlyaev , valentin zubkov , evgeny zharikov , nikolai grinko and was distributed by mosfilm .
curt stern ( 30 august 1902 – 23 october 1981 ) was a german - american geneticist of jewish descent . born in hamburg , germany , he studied zoology at the university of berlin , receiving his phd in 1923 at the age of 21 . he was selected for a fellowship to study at columbia university , then the site of thomas hunt morgan 's famous drosophila fly room .
lovell is a town in the american state of wyoming . it is located in big horn county.lovell is the biggest town in the county . it is near the shoshone river . it has an area of 1.1 mi ² . all of this area is land . at the 2010 census , it had 2,360 people living in it .
anna elisabeth de bruijn ( 1 january 1920 – 3 october 2018 ) , better known by the stage name of elisabeth andersen , was a dutch theatre actress . she was born in the hague . she was a three - time winner of the theo d'or . andersen was known for her work with . andersen died in haarlem on 3 october 2018 at age 98 .
james john benzelock ( born june 21 , 1947 ) is a former professional ice hockey right winger . he was drafted in the first round , fifth overall , by the minnesota north stars in the 1968 nhl amateur draft . he never played in the national hockey league ; however , he appeared in 166 world hockey association games with the alberta oilers , chicago cougars , and quebec nordiques .
brain damage is damage to the brain from either illnesses or injuries . brain cells are damaged , which often affects one 's brain in a way that stops the brain from thinking or reacting the same way as it did before the brain was damaged.physical damage to the brain is called traumatic brain injury ( tbi ) . it has occurred since ancient times , and old medical records exist .
y tu mamá también ( " and your mother too " ) is a 2001 award - winning mexican road movie . it was directed by alfonso cuarón and written by him and his brother carlos cuarón.it was released without a rating in the united states because the movie 's distributors believed a market - limiting nc - 17 was unavoidable . this movie was released during 2002 in the us .
william kristol ( born december 23 , 1952 ) is an american political analyst and commentator . he was the editor and publisher of the political magazine " the weekly standard " until it closed . kristol was a fox news political analyst until friction with fox news chief executive officer roger ailes caused him to switch to the news division of abc , where he is a political analyst .
richard wellington burkhardt ( may 18 , 1918 – march 4 , 2014 ) was an american academic . he was the 8th president of ball state university , from 1978 to 1979 . he retired in 1985 . he was born in newton , massachusetts.burkhardt died from natural causes on may 18 , 1918 in muncie , indiana . he was 95 years old .
waltenhofen is a municipality in the district of oberallgäu in bavaria in germany . on 1 january 1972 , the previously independent municipality of memhölz was incorporated into waltenhofen . on january 1 1976 , niedersonthofen was added , and on april 1 , 1976 martin im allgäu was also added . the mayor has been eckhard harscher since 2006 .
robert william " bobby " fisher , sr. ( born april 13 , 1961 ) is an american fugitive . he is wanted for the murder of his wife and their two children . the murders happened on april 10 , 2001 in scottsdale , arizona . on june 29 , 2002 , he was named by the fbi as the 475th fugitive on their list of ten most wanted fugitives .
micheline calmy - rey ( born 8 july 1945 ) is a swiss politician . she was switzerland 's foreign minister as head of the federal department of foreign affairs . she was also a member of the swiss federal council from 2003 . she was president of the confederation in 2007 and again in 2011 . she resigned her office as member of the federal council on 31 december 2011 .
the village of nadap lies on the eastern slopes of velencei hills , it is a well oriented , self - contained settlement , with charming rural atmosphere . it is only two kilometers both from the recreation facilities of lake velencei and from the m7 motorway , therefore it is easily accessible from budapest and from székesfehérvár , too . each house in the settlement has a great panorama .
the class 92 is a dual - voltage british railway locomotive which can run on 25 kv ac from overhead lines or 750 v dc from a third rail . it was designed specifically to operate services through the channel tunnel between britain and france . eurotunnel indicates the class 92 locomotive as the reference for other locomotives which railway undertakings might want to get certified for usage in the channel tunnel .
the brooks range is a mountain range in alaska . the range runs from northern alaska into canada , east - west for about 700 miles ( 1,100 km ) . the tallest mountain is mount chamberlin , which is 9,020 feet ( 2,749 m ) tall . the kobuk river begins in this range and flows to the bering strait , away .
natural language processing ( nlp ) is a field in artificial intelligence , and is also related to linguistics . on a high level , the goal of nlp is to program computers to automatically understand human languages , and also to automatically write / speak in human languages . we say " natural language " to mean human language , and to indicate that we are not talking about computer ( programming ) languages .
the division of northern melbourne was an australian electoral division in the state of victoria . it was one of the first 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901 . it was located in the inner northern suburbs of melbourne , including the suburbs of carlton , north melbourne and fitzroy . it was abolished in 1906 when the boundaries were redrawn and mostly replaced by the division of batman .
general prem tinsulanonda ( august 26 , 1920 – may 26 , 2019 ) was a thai retired military officer . he was prime minister of thailand from march 3 , 1980 to august 4 , 1988 . he was the regent of thailand and the head of the privy council.tinsulanonda died on may 26 , 2019 from heart failure at a bangkok hospital at the age of 98 .
andré piters ( 18 january 1931 – 23 october 2014 ) was a belgian footballer . he played as a striker . piters played club football for standard liège and olympic de charleroi . he earned a total of 23 caps for belgium between 1955 and 1961 , four of which came in fifa world cup qualifying matches.piters died on 23 october 2014 in brussels , belgium , aged 83 .
the museum has 6,000 artworks.the museum shows the work of japanese artists , like hokusai 's woodblock print " the great wave off kanagawa " by hokusai.the collection of western art includes a portrait of edouard manet and his wife painted by edgar degas in 1869 . the current building was designed by arata isozaki . it was built in 1974 .
the cramps were an american punk rock band , formed in 1976 and active until 2009 . the band split after the death of lead singer lux interior . they were part of the early cbgb punk rock movement that had emerged in new york . the cramps are widely recognized as one of the prime innovators of psychobilly , and they inspired many of the early gothic rock bands .
tapioca ( ) is a starch extracted from cassava root ( " manihot esculenta " ) . this species is native to the north region of brazil , but spread throughout the south american continent . the plant was carried by portuguese and spanish explorers to most of the west indies , and continents of africa and asia , including the philippines and taiwan . it is now cultivated worldwide .
" troublemaker " is a song by olly murs . he also wrote the song . it was released on october 12 , 2012 . the song features flo rida . " troublemaker " was a major commercial success . it was a success across the united kingdom and the united states . it also served as the closing song at murs 's 2013 arena tour .
the premier of yukon ( or unofficially , the premier of the yukon ) is the first minister for the canadian territory of yukon . they are the territory 's head of government and " de facto " chief executive.the office was created in 1979 . the current premier of yukon is sandy silver , leader of the yukon liberal party . silver was formally sworn in as premier on december 3 , 2016 .
daayan ( english : " witch " ) is an indian supernatural drama series . the series will be created by ekta kapoor under their productions banner balaji telefilms and produced by ekta kapoor and shobha kapoor . it started on 15 december 2018 on and tv . the show stars anupriya kapoor , tina dutta and mohit malhotra in the lead roles .
the great wave off kanagawa is a woodblock print made by hokusai.the art work was printed somewhere between 1830 and 1833 which was during the edo period . it is the first print in the series , thirty - six views of mount fuji . it shows a giant wave threatening boats near the japanese prefecture of kanagawa . it was made with the ukiyo - e printing technique .
naomie melanie harris ( born september 6 , 1976 ) is a british movie , stage , voice , and television actress . she is known for her role as tia dalma / calypso in " " and in " " . she was born in london , england on september 6 , 1976 to a jamaican mother and a trinidadian father . harris played winnie mandela in the 2013 movie " " .
tentaculata is a class of comb jellies . the common feature of this class is a pair of long , feathery , contractile tentacles , which can be retracted into specialised ciliated sheaths . in some species , the primary tentacles are reduced and they have smaller , secondary tentacles . the tentacles have colloblasts , which are sticky - tipped cells that trap small prey .
the echiura , or spoon worms , are a small group of marine animals . they are often considered to be a group of annelids , although they lack the segmented structure found in other members of that group , and so may also be treated as a separate phylum.however , phylogenetic analyses of dna sequences place echiurans and sipuncula within the annelida .
forty - two is a number . it comes between forty - one and forty - three , and is an even number . it is divisible by 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 14 , 21 , and 42.42 is an extremely interesting number to mathematicians , because of its many features . for example : there are at least a dozen more features of interest to number theory enthusiasts .
no child of mine is a february 1997 british documentary - drama and domestic violence television movie . it is about the true case of a 13 - year - old girl named kerry ( played by brooke kinsella ) . kerry was sexually abused and bullied at several times by her abusive mother , linda ( played by sharon small ) , and her father , jim ( played by bill geraghty ) .
the celtic league is a group of people from the six modern celtic nations of ireland , scotland , wales , brittany , cornwall and the isle of man . they want their countries to be free . these six countries each have a native celtic language and the celtic league supports the learning of these languages . the six celtic languages are irish , gaelic ( scottish ) , welsh , breton , cornish , and manx .
jerzy kossela ( né kosela ; 15 july 1942 – 7 january 2017 ) was a polish guitarist , vocalist . he was born in częstochowa , poland . kossela was the founding member of the bands electron , niebiekso - czarni , pięciolinie and czerwone gitary.kossela died on 7 january 2017 in gdynia , aged 74 .
arthur robert morris mbe ( 19 january 1922 – 22 august 2015 ) was an australian cricketer . he played 46 test matches between 1946 and 1955 . an opener , morris was thought to be as one of australia 's greatest left - handed batsmen . he was best known for his key role in don bradman 's " invincibles " . morris died on 22 august 2015 at the age of 93 .
relapsing fever is an infection caused by some bacteria in the genus " borrelia " . it is sometimes called typhinia . it is carried and spread by lice and ticks.the word " relapse " means to come back . the disease is called " relapsing fever " because the symptoms can go away and come back several times until the person is cured .
mona g : s orkester was a dansband in växjö , sweden , founded in 1996 in that town by mona gustafsson , patrik ahlm and rené saulesco , former members of leif bloms , which had been disbanded on 31 december 1996 . the band 's first gig was at " sommarlust " in kristianstad during the 1996 epiphany holiday .
you is a second - person english pronoun . the word can be singular or plural . it is what a person says when he or she is addressing another person in second person . sometimes , just using the english letter " u " is acceptable , and " ur " for the words " you 're " and " your " . this is very informal , and is mostly used in texting .
milli vanilli was a german musical group , formed in munich . they consisted of fab morvan ( born 1966 ) and rob pilatus ( 1965 - 1998 ) . they were popular in the late - 1980s . in 1990 , people found out that the group never sang anything at all . even at concerts , they pretended to sing ( lip synching ) while a recording was played .
marquinhos ( real name marcos aoás corrêa , born 14 may 1994 in são paulo ) is a brazilian footballer . he plays as a defender for paris saint - germain f.c . in france . " the guardian " newspaper think that he is one of the 10 best young football players in the world.he was bought by his current club from a.s. roma for € 32 million in 2013 .
vladímir vladímirovich putin ( , ) is a russian politician . he is currently president of russia . putin was born in leningrad , now saint petersburg , on 7 october 1952 . he was the prime minister of russia from 1999 to 2000 , then president of russia from march 2000 to may 2008 , and prime minister again from 2008 to 2012 . he became president again in 2012 . he originally trained as a lawyer .
harry l. firth ( 18 april 1918 - 27 april 2014 ) was an australian racing driver and team manager . firth was a leading race and rally driver during the 1950s and 1960s and continued as an influential team manager with first the ford works team and then the famed holden dealer team ( hdt ) well into the 1970s . he was born in orbost , victoria.firth died from natural causes , aged 96 .
montluçon is a " commune " in central france , in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region , on the cher river . it is the " commune " in the department with largest population , although the department 's " préfecture " is in the smaller city of moulins.the town is the historical capital of the old province of " bourbonnais " and was part of the mediaeval duchy of bourbon .
the mk4 folding - fin aerial rocket ( ffar ) is a rocket . it is also called mighty mouse . united states military aircraft use this rocket . military aircraft can not guide it after launch . it was made originally as an air - to - air rocket for shooting down enemy bombers from a further distance rather than machine guns and cannons . it is more effective on target rather than machine guns and cannons .
stefanie scott ( born december 6 , 1996 ) is an american actress and singer . she is best known for her role as lexi reed in the television series , a.n.t . farm . she has been in tv shows and movies on the disney channel . she had a role in the movie " no strings attached " . she has won two young artist awards and a behind the voice actors award .
" do n't go away " is the fourth single off english rock band oasis ' third studio album " be here now " . the song was released on 19 february 1998 . the song was released only as a single in japan and it peaked at # 48 on the oricon chart . the song was successful in the united states and peaked at # 5 on the " billboard " hot modern rock tracks chart in 1997 .
nexhmije pagarusha ( 7 may 1933 – 7 february 2020 ) was an albanian singer and actress . she was known as the queen of albanian music . she was known for her albanian folk songs during her three decade career , starting in 1948 . she was born in mališevo , vardar banovina , kingdom of yugoslavia . pagarusha died on 7 february 2020 in tirana , aged 86 .
andrea horwath ( born october 24 , 1962 ) is a canadian politician , mpp and community development coordinator . she currently serves as the leader of the ontario new democratic party and leader of the official opposition in the legislative assembly of ontario . she also is a member of the legislative assembly of ontario , representing the riding of hamilton centre , and was won the leadership of the ontario new democrats in the 2009 leadership election .
jklf seeks independence of jammu and kashmir state from both india and pakistan.the jklf claims that they are not islamist , but are nationalist , and opposes the emergence of the territories into either pakistan or india but rather wants the region of kashmir to separate from the three countries and become independent.in 1982 branches were established in pakistan - administered kashmir , pakistan and in 1987 in indian - administered kashmir ( jammu and kashmir ) .
fouad a. ajami ( ; september 18 , 1945 – june 22 , 2014 ) was an lebanese - born american professor and writer . he was a senior fellow at stanford university 's hoover institution.he was born in arnoun , lebanon . ajami was an outspoken supporter of the iraq war . he has also appeared on cnn multiple times.ajami died from prostate cancer in maine , aged 68 .
pierre - auguste renoir ( 25 february 1841 – 3 december 1919 ) was a french artist . he was a leading painter who helped to create the impressionist style . he painted portraits , and still life , but above all , he painted social scenes of the day.as a painter of women , it has been said that " renoir is the final representative of a tradition which runs directly from rubens to watteau " .
vincent leonard price ( may 27 , 1911 – october 25 , 1993 ) was an american actor . he was well known for his voice and serious but comic attitude in a series of horror movies made in the later part of his career . price was also an art collector and consultant , with a degree in art history , and lectured and wrote books on the subject . he was the founder of the vincent price art museum in california .
daron malakian ( born july 18 , 1975 ) is an armenian - american musician . he is best known for being the lead guitarist of system of a down . he was also the lead singer and guitarist for scars on broadway . he is the only member of system of a down who was born in the united states . he placed 30th in guitar world 's " 100 greatest heavy metal guitarists of all time " .
damascus ( sometimes called the city of jasmin ) is the capital city of syria . it is the largest city in syria with about 4.8 million people living there . damascus is thought to be one of oldest cities in the world that still has people living in it . it is believed that people started living in damascus as long ago as 8000 bc to 10,000 bc ( 12000 years ago ) .
steve davis ( born 22 august 1957 ) is an english former professional snooker player . he was born in plumstead , london . he has won the world championship six times and dominated snooker in the eighties of the 20th century.davis started his professional career in 1978 . ten years later he became the first player to complete snooker 's triple crown by winning the uk championship , masters , and world championship in the same season .
bude is a coastal town in cornwall , england , uk . it is at the mouth of the river neet . bude is surrounded by beautiful beaches such as summerleaze beach , widemouth bay , crooklets beach and blackrock beach . the river neet runs through the town . bude is a very popular location for tourists especially in the summer . the bude canal is a disused canal .
skyfall is a 2012 james bond movie . bond is played by daniel craig . " skyfall " made over $ 870 million worldwide in theaters . it was released october - november 2012 . the film centres around bond investigating an attack on mi6 ; the attack is part of a plot by former mi6 operative raoul silva to humiliate , discredit and kill m as revenge against her for betraying him .
demand forecasting is when a business predicts future demand for its products . a business looks at many things when they do demand forecasting . some of these things are past sales , data from test markets , and statistics . businesses can also use educated guesses to help predict future demand . businesses use demand forecasting to help them come up with the amount of demand for their products so they know how much supply to make .
ri sol - ju or lee seol - ju ( ; born 1985 – 89 ) is a north korean singer and the wife of north korean leader kim jong - un . in april 2018 , her title was elevated in state media from merely " comrade " to " respected first lady " , considered a significant honor and the first time the title has been used since 1974 . ri possibly gave birth to a child in 2010 , possibly a son .
thomas w. " tom " ewing ( born september 19 , 1935 ) is an american republican politician . he was born in atlanta , illinois . he was a member of the united states house of representatives and the illinois state house of representatives.ewing was a state representative from 1974 to 1991 , and a u.s . congressman representing the 15th district of illinois from july 2 , 1991 until his retirement on january 3 , 2001 .
the decimal separator is a symbol used to mark the border between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal numeral . this symbol can be a period or a comma . decimal point and decimal comma are common names for the decimal separator . for example 9.5 means nine and one half in english speaking countries . in many countries , the same number would be written as 9,5 .
the catskill mountains , also known as the catskills , are a province of the larger appalachian mountains , located in southeastern new york . the catskills are generally defined as those areas close to or within the borders of the catskill park , a forest preserve forever protected from many forms of development under new york state law.the catskills form the northeastern end of the allegheny plateau ( also known as the appalachian plateau ) .
josef sommer ( born june 26 , 1934 ) is a german - american stage and movie actor . he was born in greifswald , germany , and raised in north carolina . he appeared as 38th president gerald ford opposite gena rowlands in the made - for - tv movie " the betty ford story " ( 1987 ) . he is known for his role as dr. eaton in the 1998 movie " patch adams " .
hato mayor is a dominican province ; it is on the eastern part of the country . its name comes from the name of its capital city , hato mayor del rey ( in english : " the largest cattle farm of the king " ) . it is one of the last provinces created in the dominican republic ; it was made a province on 3 december 1984 . the province 's territory was part of the el seibo province .
guo zhenqian ( ; february 1933 – 13 august 2019 ) was a chinese communists politician and banker . he was governor of hubei province from 1985 to 1990 , vice governor of the people 's bank of china from 1990 to 1993 and auditor - general of the national audit office from 1994 to 1998 . guo was born in luoning county , henan.guo died on 13 august 2019 in beijing at the age of 86 .
beautiful inside is a song recorded by english singer louise . it was released on 30 october 2000 as the second and final single from louise 's third studio album " elbow beach " ( 2000 ) and charted at number 13 . the single was taken from her 3rd solo album " elbow beach " and contains a sample from the song " different strokes " by syl johnson and had also been sampled by american hip hop group wu - tang clan .
chris harris ( 14 december 1942 – 30 april 2014 ) was an english actor , director and writer . he appeared in several uk television series including " into the labyrinth " and " hey look ... that 's me " . he also had a career in pantomime . he was born in bridgwater , somerset.harris died from cancer on 30 april 2014 in portishead , somerset . he was 71 .
charles joseph " joe " scarborough ( born april 9 , 1963 ) is the host of morning joe on national broadcasting company 's ( nbc ) sister network msnbc ( microsoft nbc ) . he previously hosted scarborough country on the same network . he is a former member of the united states house of representatives.on july 11 , 2017 , scarborough announced on the late show with stephen colbert that he was leaving the republican party to become an independent .
rithvik dhanjani is an indian television actor . he played arjun digvijay kirloskar in " pavitra rishta " . he won the indian dance reality show " nach baliye 6 " with his partner asha negi . in june 2012 , dhanjani entered " jhalak dikhhla jaa 5 " as wild card entry and came in third place .
2 pallas is the second asteroid discovered in the solar system . it was discovered by heinrich wilhelm matthäus olbers on march 28 , 1802 . 2 pallas is named after pallas athena , an alternate name for the goddess athena .2 pallas has a mass estimated to be 7 % of the total mass of the asteroid belt . the asteroid is the third largest asteroid in terms of mass and the second largest in terms of diameter .
the angolan war of independence was from 1961 to 1975 . angola fought against portugal . portugal was making people in angola farm cotton . three different groups in angola were against portugal . agostinho neto was the leader of the war . portugal was winning the war when the country 's government became democratic . an agreement was signed to let angola become independent.about three thousand people died because of the war .
the division of gorton is an australian electoral division in victoria . it was set up in 2004 and is named for sir john gorton , prime minister of australia from 1968 to 1971 . it covers the outer western suburbs of melbourne . it includes the suburbs of hillside , delahey , kings park , caroline springs , deer park , cairnlea and melton as well as the satellite townships of diggers rest and toolern vale .
the provinces ( ) are administrative parts of costa rica as in other countries.the constitution of costa rica says , in its article 168 , " " for public administration purposes , the national territory is divided into provinces , these into cantons and cantons into districts . " " , there are 7 provinces ( " provincias " ) , 81 cantons ( " cantones " ) , and 473 districts ( " districtos " ) .
the san joaquin valley ( ) is the area of the central valley of the u.s. state of california that lies south of the sacramento – san joaquin river delta and is drained by the san joaquin river.it is made up of seven northern california counties — all of kings county ; a majority of fresno , merced , stanislaus counties ; segments of madera and tulare counties — and a majority of kern county , in southern california .
the recording industry association of america or riaa is an organization that was created and paid for by large record companies . it is based in washington , d.c . it symbolizes the entire recording industry of the united states of america . the riaa also participates in the collection , management and distribution of music licenses and royalties.the association is responsible for certifying gold and platinum albums and singles in the u.s. its goals are :
the wraith : shangri - la is the eighth studio album by american horrorcore band , insane clown posse . it was released on november 5 , 2002 . the producer of the album was mike puwal . the album was the sixth and final of the " joker cards " in the dark carnival mythology . the album peaked at number 15 on the billboard 200 and peaked number 1 on the top independent albums in both 2002 and 2003 .
banks island ( ) is one of the bigger members of the canadian arctic archipelago . it is in the inuvik region of the northwest territories , canada . it is separated from victoria island to its east by the prince of wales strait and from the mainland by amundsen gulf to its south . the beaufort sea lies to its west . to the northeast , mcclure strait separates the island from prince patrick island and melville island .
william joseph mullan ( 30 march 1928 – 13 november 2018 ) was a scottish football referee . he was born in cardenden , scotland . in 1962 , mullan became a referee in the scottish division one . three years later , he was appointed as a fifa referee . in 1972 , mullan was selected as a referee for uefa euro 1972 . mullan died on 13 november 2018 in edinburgh , scotland at the age of 90 .
abigail kathleen breslin ( born april 14 , 1996 ) is an american actress . breslin was born in new york city , new york . she first appeared in the 2002 science fiction movie , " signs " . breslin had her breakthrough role in the 2006 comedy - drama " little miss sunshine " where she played olive hoover . at age 10 , she was one of the youngest people to be nominated for an academy award .
manufacturing is producing goods out of raw materials . it is a branch of industry . it includes making very big , complicated things that take a lot of steps to finish . often machines are involved in manufacturing.in the past products were made by handicraft workers using tools and manual labor . in modern times , most manufacturing jobs got replaced by automated manufacturing machines , which made the products much faster and in turn - cheaper than humans could .
timo honkela ( august 4 , 1962 – may 9 , 2020 ) was a finnish computer scientist . he was born in helsinki . he worked at the university of helsinki , aalto university school of science and aalto university school of art , design and architecture.from 1998 to 2000 , honkela worked as a professor in the aalto media lab.honkela died on may 9 , 2020 in helsinki , aged 57 .
patrick alan nunnelee ( october 9 , 1958 – february 6 , 2015 ) was an american politician . he was the u.s. representative for from 2011 until his death in 2015 . before being a representative , he served in the mississippi state senate , representing the 6th district , from 1995 to 2011 . he was a member of the republican party.nunnelee died in his birthplace of tupelo , mississippi from brain cancer , aged 56 .
mambalam taluk is a taluk of the city district of chennai in the indian state of tamil nadu . it was formed in december 2013 from parts of the former egmore - nungambakkam taluk and the mambalam - guindy taluk . it comprises the neighbourhoods of k. k. nagar , kodambakkam , mambalam , saligramam , saidapet and virugambakkam .
united we stand , divided we fall is a phrase that is used in many mottos and phrases , often used to inspire unity . it is also used in its short form " united we stand " . aesop made up the phrase ( and possibly invented it ) in his stories the four oxen and the lion directly and in " : the bundle of sticks " indirectly . it is the state motto of kentucky , adopted on december 30 , 1792 .
the statue of herman ( ) is a monument in the southern part of the teutoburg forest , in the district of lippe , north rhine - westphalia in germany.the monument commemorates the cherusci war chief hermann or armin ( latin : arminius ) and the battle of the teutoburg forest in 9 ad when the germanic tribes under arminius fought three roman legions and other troops under varus.the sword has the following inscription :
any given sunday is a 1999 american drama movie . it was directed by oliver stone and was produced by richard donner , oliver stone , dan halsted , lauren shuler donner , and clayton townsend . " any given sunday " was released on december 22 , 1999 . the movie is based on the pat toomay novel , " on any given sunday " . the movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 50 % rating on rotten tomatoes .
vandhal sridevi ( english : sridevi came in ) is an 2018 indian tamil language romance drama starring ananya , nandhan loganadhan , lasya nagraj , meera krishnan and devi priya . it is a remake of the kannada language series " lakshmi baramma " . the show replaces enga veetu mapillai and airs on colors tamil from 18 april , 2018 to 28 june 2019 .
james armistead lafayette ( december 10 , 1760 – august 9 , 1830 ) was an african american slave . he served in the continental army during the american revolutionary war as a double agent . he served under the marquis de lafayette . he reported on the activities of benedict arnold after he had gone over to the british . he also reported on lord cornwallis just before the battle of yorktown . james gave the british false information on the americans .
" time of the season " ( where the breaths , sighs and flutish pianish organ were heard ) is a single from the zombies . it is a ballad about emotions in the summer of love . colin blunstone is lead singer.the song hit # 3 on the " billboard " hot 100 , and # 1 in canada . it did not chart in britain.the song was sampled and covered by quite a few artists in the years after .
the four great inventions are the four most important inventions in the history of china . they are celebrated in chinese culture for their historical importance . they are seen as symbols of china 's advanced science and technology.the four great inventions are : these four discoveries had a big impact on the development of chinese civilization . they also had a big impact on global technology . some modern chinese scholars have argued that other chinese inventions had an even bigger impact on civilization .
mario party 2 is a party board video game for the nintendo 64 console . it is the second game in the " mario party " series . it was published by hudson soft and published by nintendo . it was released on december 17 , 1999 in japan , on january 24 , 2000 in north america , and on november 6 , 2000 in europe . it was later re-released for the nintendo wii 's virtual console in november and december 2010 .
tjako van schie ( born 17 april 1961 in coevorden ) is a pianist and composer from the netherlands . at the amsterdam conservatory he is professor . even in china , van schie has played piano but he teaches in holland and portugal . van schie was educated in zwolle by pianist ben smits and a student of new york pianist jacob lateiner . he now lives in the dutch province overijssel .
noel g. williams ( september 19 , 1943 – january 5 , 2015 ) , better known as king sporty , was a jamaican dj , reggae musician , and record producer for the tashamba and konduko labels . he is best known for writing the song , " buffalo soldier " , made famous by bob marley . he was born in portland , jamaica.sporty died on january 5 , 2015 in miami , florida , united states , aged 71 .
michael " jag " jagmin ( born may 12 , 1985 ) is an american singer - songwriter and musician . he is known for being the lead vocalist of post-hardcore band a skylit drive and former lead vocalist of metal band odd project.jagmin was the second vocalist of the metal band odd project , and was featured on their second album , " lovers , fighters , sinners , saints " . he left the band in 2007 .
the democratic national committee ( d.n.c . or dnc ) is a group of people who coordinate the activities of the u.s. democratic party in all fifty states . the d.n.c . is headquartered in the nation 's capital , washington , dc . it also has state democratic party headquarters in each of the 50 state capitals.the current chairman is thomas perez of maryland and the deputy chairman is keith ellison of minnesota .
robert frank ( november 9 , 1924 – september 9 , 2019 ) was a swiss - american photographer and documentary filmmaker . his most notable work , the 1958 book titled " the americans " . he was seen as a modern - day de tocqueville . frank later expanded into movies and video and experimented with manipulating photographs and photomontage . he was born in zürich.frank died on september 9 , 2019 in inverness , nova scotia at the age of 94 .
knuts skujenieks ( born september 5 , 1936 ) is a latvian poet , journalist , and translator . he was born in riga.in 1962 , he was convicted of anti-soviet activities , and sentenced to seven years in prison camp in mordovia , russia . his first poems were released in 1978 . the poems he wrote during his captivity were published in 1990 . in 2008 he was awarded the baltic assembly prize for literature .
liberty x are a british vocal pop - r & b group . the band was formed in london in 2001 from contestants in the first series of " popstars " . the band split in 2007 . they reformed in 2012 . the quintet 's members are : michelle heaton ( born 1980 ) , tony lundon ( born 1979 ) , kevin simm ( born 1980 ) , jessica taylor ( born 1980 ) and kelli young ( born 1981 ) .
these are lists of active and all - time nhl team post-season , post-season series win , stanley cup final and stanley cup droughts up to and including the 2014 stanley cup playoffs . those teams which have never made it in team history are listed by the season that they entered the league , either as a new team or when they merged into the nhl from the wha . these lists do not include the canceled 2004 – 05 nhl season .
aldo ferrer ( april 15 , 1927 – march 8 , 2016 ) was an argentine economist and policy maker . ferrer was one of the leading figures of economic nationalism in argentina . he served as minister of economy from 1970 through 1971 . he later served as an ambassador to france from argentine . he served as ambassador from 2011 through 2013 . he was born in buenos aires.ferrer died in buenos aires on march 8 , 2016 . he was aged 88 .
giuliano sarti ( 2 october 1933 – 5 june 2017 ) was an italian professional football player.sarti played in the position of goalkeeper . throughout his successful career , he played for several italian clubs , although he is mostly remembered for his success with fiorentina , and as the goalkeeper of the " grande inter " side of the 1960s that conquered both italy and europe.sarti died in florence , italy on 5 june 2017 at the age of 83 .
leonor piuza ( born 14 april 1978 ) is a mozambican runner . she is best in the 800 meter runs.piuza won the gold medal at the 2007 all - africa games and finished sixth at the 2008 african championships . she also competed at the 2006 commonwealth games.piuza 's personal best time is 2:01.71 minutes . she got this in june 2007 in villefranche - sur - saône .
marina abramović ( , ; born november 30 , 1946 ) is a yugoslav - born serbian - american performance artist and art filmmaker . her work are about body art , endurance art and feminist art , the relationship between performer and audience . her career began in the 1970s . abramović calls herself the " grandmother of performance art " . abramović was born in belgrade , serbia . she was known for having a relationship with artist ulay . she lives in new york city .
gerald otieno kajwang ( 15 july 1959 – 18 november 2014 ) was a kenyan politician . he was a member of the orange democratic movement . he was elected to represent the mbita constituency in the national assembly of kenya since the kenyan parliamentary election , 2007 . in the 2013 elections , kajwang was elected to represent homa bay county as a senator.kajwang died on 19 november 2014 at mater hospital from cardiac arrest , aged 55 .
f - zero is a racing video game first made for the snes , where captain falcon made his debut . it involves racing around a track at high speeds . other games in the " f - zero " series are " f - zero x " for nintendo 64 , " f - zero : maximum velocity " for game boy advance . " f - zero gx " for nintendo gamecube and " f - zero : gp legend " for game boy advance .
gary stanley becker ( december 2 , 1930 ~ may 3 , 2014 ) was an american economist . he was a professor of economics and sociology at the university of chicago and a professor at the booth school of business . he was awarded the nobel prize in economics in 1992 and received the united states presidential medal of freedom in 2007 . he was born in pottsville , pennsylvania.gary becker died in chicago , illinois from complications of ulcer surgery , aged 83 .
miguel ángel loayza ríos ( 21 june 1940 – 19 october 2017 ) was a football midfielder from peru . he played for several clubs , notably argentine clubs huracán , boca juniors and river plate as well as colombian club deportivo cali . he was famous for his short passing , creativity and excellent dribbling ability , nicknamed " el maestrito " ( " the teacher small " ) in argentina and " el mago " ( " the magician " ) in colombia .
timothy j. davlin ( august 27 , 1957 – december 14 , 2010 ) was an american democratic politician . he was the mayor of springfield , illinois from april 2003 until his death in december 2010 . he was born in springfield . at the time of his death , he was being investigated for fraud and corruption during his time as mayor.davlin died by shooting himself in the chest at his home in springfield on december 14 , 2010 . he was 53 .
boiler feedwater is the water used to " feed " or supply a boiler to produce steam or hot water . at thermal power stations the feedwater is usually preheated and conditioned . it is kept in a storage tank before being pumped to the boiler . the feedwater must be specially treated to avoid problems in the boiler . untreated boiler feed water can cause corrosion and scaling . most boiler systems use some form of water purification to treat feedwater .
red is the color that is on the outside edge of the rainbow . it is one of the three primary colors , along with blue and yellow . red light has a wavelength between 630 - 740 nanometers.red is the color of some apples and mostly , raspberries.red is the color of some blood and the occasional cherry.it is sometimes used to mark things that are wrong , important or dangerous.red is also commonly used as a warning to stop .
aragua river is in libertador municipality of the state aragua in venezuela . it starts north of the city of la victoria at the meeting of the san carlos and gabante . the mouth is located in lake of valencia ( 10º 10 ' 38 " n - 67º 36 ' 14 " w ) . it is long . it goes through the towns of la victoria , san mateo , cagua , la encrucijada and palo negro .
fabien eboussi boulaga ( 17 january 1934 – 13 october 2018 ) was a cameroonian philosopher . he was born in bafia , cameroon . he was ordained as a priest in 1969 , and became an official member of the society of jesus in 1973 . he became known for his book " bantou problématique " ( 1968 ) . boulaga was a professor at the university of yaoundé.boulaga died on 13 october 2018 at the age of 84 .
julius la rosa ( january 2 , 1930 – may 12 , 2016 ) was an american traditional pop music singer . la rosa was born in brooklyn , new york . he worked in both radio and television beginning in the 1950s . he was known for his songs " anywhere i wander " , " manhattan " , and " eh , cumpari " . larosa died of natural causes on may 12 , 2016 at his home in crivitz , wisconsin , aged 86 .
the würstelstand ( " sausage stand " ) is the austrian type of the take - away . these stands are very common in vienna . usually , they sell different kinds of sausages . it is not unusual for the people in vienna to grab a pair of sausages after a performance at a theatre or opera house . in addition , a würstelstand traditionally also sells leberkäse . as a side dish , different chile peppers , gherkins and other pickled vegetables are available .
an exabyte ( eb ) is a unit of measurement for computers of the future . one exabyte holds 1000 petabytes ( pb ) or a million trillion ( 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 ) bytes . an exabyte is so large that it would take about one million powerful home computers to store this amount of data.one thousand exabytes make one zettabyte .
mythbusters is an american scientific television show , which began on january 23 , 2003 . the hosts , adam savage and jamie hyneman along with kari byron , tory belleci and grant imahara attempt to test whether certain myths are " true or false " , referred to on the show as " confirmed or busted " , respectively . the show has had a total of 267 episodes as of september 5 , 2015 . two more episodes are to come in january 2016 .
john thomas o'brien ( born december 11 , 1930 ) is an american backup second baseman and pitcher in major league baseball . he played for the pittsburgh pirates ( 1953 , 1955 – 58 ) , st. louis cardinals ( 1958 ) and milwaukee braves ( 1959 ) . o'brien batted and threw right-handed.o ' brien was born in south amboy , new jersey . he was raised in seattle , washington . he studied at seattle university .
p.a.e . panathinaikos is a football club which plays in greece . the club based in athens , the capital of greece . the colours of panathinaikos is white and green and its emblem is a shamrock . it is one of the most successful greek team . it has won twenty greek championships and eighteen greek cups . it is the unique greek club which was a runner - up of the uefa champions league competition , in 1971 .
the sphinginae are a subfamily of the hawkmoths ( sphingidae ) , moths of the order lepidoptera . notable taxa include the pink - spotted hawkmoth , " agrius cingulata " , a very common and easily spotted species , the death 's - head hawkmoth ( " acherontia " spp . ) of " silence of the lambs " fame , and " xanthopan morgani " with its huge proboscis .
yoshihide kozai ( 1 april 1928 – 5 february 2018 ) was a japanese astronomer . he worked in celestial mechanics . he was best known for discovering the kozai mechanism , for which he received the imperial prize of the japan academy in 1979 . from 1988 to 1991 , he was the president of the international astronomical union.in 2009 , he won the decoration of cultural merit from the japanese government.kozai died on 5 february 2018 in tokyo from liver failure , aged 89 .
twins are two animal ( including human ) offspring that are born from the same pregnancy . " human twins " are two people that shared the uterus during a single pregnancy , and one is normally born quickly after the first . because of the size of the uterus , multiple pregnancies are less likely to last the full 38 weeks than most single birth pregnancies . on average , they last 35 weeks . this also means about 50 % of twins are born prematurely .
mark whitty everson ( born september 10 , 1954 ) is an american politician . he served as the 46th commissioner of internal revenue from 2003 until 2007 . on march 5 , 2015 , everson announced his intention to seek the republican party 's nomination for president of the united states in the 2016 presidential election . he launched his bid with a video and sixteen page open letter in which he laid out six primary issues . he withdrew from the race on november 5 , 2015 .
port vila ( population 29,356 , coordinates 17 ° 45 ′ s 168 ° 18 ′ e ) is the capital city of vanuatu . located on the south coast of the island of efate , it has the country 's most important dock and airport , bauerfield international , making it the nation 's economic and commercial center.during world war ii , port vila was an american and australian airbase . in 1987 and 2015 , tropical cyclones badly damaged the city .
touchstone pictures ( also known as touchstone films in its early years ) is one of several alternate movie labels of the walt disney company , established in 1984 . its releases typically feature more mature themes than those that gets released under the walt disney pictures banner . touchstone pictures is merely a brand and does not exist as a separate company : the two de facto companies behind it are walt disney studios motion pictures group and walt disney pictures ( formerly " walt disney pictures and television " ) .
a chemical substance is any material with a known chemical composition . for example , water has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether it came from a river or was made in a laboratory . typical chemical substances found in the home include water , salt ( sodium chloride ) and bleach . generally , substances exist as a solid , a liquid , or a gas , and may change between these " phases of matter " when there are changes in temperature or pressure .
the united states house of representatives was a scheduled election for speaker of the house for october 29 , 2015 , during the 114th u.s. congress . the election was caused by the announcement of speaker john boehner 's resignation , set for october 30 . the speaker of the house follows the vice president in line of succession to the presidency of the united states in accordance with the presidential succession act . paul ryan was elected speaker and took office on october 29 , 2015 .
the sea of marmara , also known as the sea of marmora or the marmara sea , is the inland sea that connects the black sea to the aegean sea . it separates turkey 's asian and european parts . the bosphorus strait connects it to the black sea and the dardanelles strait to the aegean . the sea has an area of 11,350 km ² ( 280 km x 80 km ) with the greatest depth reaching 1,370 m .
joseph thomas elliott , jr. ( born 1 august 1959 ) is an english singer - songwriter and musician . he is best known as the lead singer and one of the founding members of the english rock band def leppard . he has also been the lead singer of the david bowie tribute band the cybernauts and the mott the hoople cover band down 'n ' outz.he is one of the two original members of def leppard currently playing on the band .
eastcote is a suburban area in west london . ( it was in middlesex until the county was abolished in 1965 ) . it is part of the london borough of hillingdon . in the middle ages , eastcote was one of the three areas that made up the parish of ruislip , under the name of ascot . the name came from its position to the east of the parish . from the mid-17th century there were clusters of small hamlets in this area .
on march 15 , 2018 , a , recently - erected section of the fiu – sweetwater universitycity bridge collapsed onto the tamiami trail ( u.s. route 41 ) . the pedestrian bridge was located in front of the campus of florida international university ( fiu ) in university park , a suburb west of miami , florida , united states.the road beneath it had been opened to traffic . several occupied vehicles were crushed underneath , and six deaths and nine injuries have been reported .
robert michael archibald ( 29 march 1980 – 23 january 2020 ) was a british professional basketball player . he played as a power forward and a center . between 2002 and 2004 , he played in the nba for memphis grizzlies , phoenix suns , orlando magic and toronto raptors . he later played in europe from 2004 for valencia , scavolini pesaro , joventut badalona , azovmash mariupol , unicaja málaga and cai zaragoza .
robert gregory " greg " evers ( june 16 , 1955 – august 21 , 2017 ) was a republican american politician . he served as a member of the florida senate from 2010 to 2016 , representing parts of northwest florida . before to his election to the senate , he served as a member of the florida house of representatives , representing the 1st district from 2001 to 2010 . evers was killed in a car crash on august 21 , 2017 , near his home in baker , florida , aged 62 .
the class 220 " voyager " is a class of diesel - electric high - speed multiple - unit trains built by bombardier transportation for the british train operating company virgin trains , but are now operated by crosscountry . they are air - conditioned throughout , with powered doors and a top speed of . they were introduced to replace the thirty - year - old high speed train and class 47 fleets . the trains were built between 2000 and 2001 and the first train entered service on 5 june 2001 .
chesalles - sur - oron was a municipality in lavaux - oron in the canton of vaud in switzerland . on 1 january 2012 the former municipalities of bussigny - sur - oron , châtillens , chesalles - sur - oron , ecoteaux , oron - la - ville , oron - le - châtel , palézieux , les tavernes , les thioleyres and vuibroye joined together to become a new municipality called oron .
a mountain is a large natural rise of the earth 's surface that usually has a " summit " ( the name for a mountain 's top , which can also be called a peak ) . it is usually steeper and taller than a hill . mountains are often thought of as being a hill which is larger than 600 metres ( about 2,000 feet ) . however , some definitions say a mountain is a hill larger than 300 metres ( about 1,000 feet ) .
rosales is an order of flowering plants . it includes nine families . the plants are grouped together because their genetics are similar . some well - known members of rosales include : roses ; strawberries , blackberries and raspberries ; apples and pears ; plums , peaches and apricots ; almonds ; rowan and hawthorn ; elms ; figs ; nettles ; and hops and cannabis . the true roses are in the " rosaceae " .
pierre patry ( 2 november 1933 – 7 june 2014 ) was a canadian movie director , producer and screenwriter . he mainly worked during the 1950s and 1960s , but stayed active until the early 1980s . he produced the movie " entre la mer et l'eau douce " ( 1967 ) . patry was born in the hull sector of gatineau , quebec . he spoke french . he was of french ancestry.patry died on 7 june 2014 in quebec , aged 80 .
geoff james nugent ( born 14 february 1977 ) , better known as jim jefferies , is an australian stand - up comedian , actor and writer . he is well known in the united kingdom and the united states . he also has a number of netflix specials . in 2017 , he began starring in the comedy central talk show " the jim jefferies show " . jefferies was born in sydney , new south wales . he has a son , hank , with actress kate luyben .
steven robert " steve " guttenberg ( born august 24 , 1958 ) is an american actor , comedian , author , businessman , producer , and director . he was born in brooklyn , new york . he starred in 1984 's " police academy " , and went on to perform in lead roles in hollywood movies of the 1980s , including " cocoon " , " three men and a baby " , " three men and a little lady " , " short circuit " and " it takes two " .
the invisible college was the name given to themselves by a group of like - minded scientists and natural philosophers in england in the mid-17th century . the informal association is considered to have been one of the origins of the royal society.the purpose of the invisible college was to encourage each other to develop scientific knowledge through experiments and other kinds of investigation.some of the members of the invisible college were among the founders of the royal society in 1660 , including robert boyle , john wilkins and samuel hartlib .
samuel cornelius phillips ( january 5 , 1923 – july 30 , 2003 ) , better known as sam phillips , was an american businessman , record executive , record producer and dj . he played an important role in the rock and roll world in the 1950s . he was a producer , label owner , and talent scout throughout the 1940s and 1950s . he was the founder of both sun studios and sun records in memphis , tennessee . he was most successful in the launching of elvis presley 's career in 1954 .
paul lorin kantner ( march 17 , 1941 – january 28 , 2016 ) was an american guitarist , vocalist , and political activist . he was known for co-founding jefferson airplane , a psychedelic rock band of the 1960s and its more commercial spin - off band jefferson starship . he was born in san francisco , california.kantner died from multiple organ failure and septic shock caused by a heart attack in san francisco , california on january 28 , 2016 . he was 74 .
bluebells are a genus of flowering plants in the family asparagaceae , hyacinthoides.bluebells are famous as indicator species ( markers ) for ancient woodland , where they carpet the forest floor in springtime . they grow in shade rather than in sunny areas . " hyacinthoides " is differentiated by the presence of two bracts at the base of each flower , rather than one bract per flower or no bracts in other closely - related genera .
canterbury is a town in windham county , connecticut . the population was 5,132 at the 2010 census . the racial makeup of the town was 97.34 % white , 0.36 % african american , 0.28 % native american , 0.26 % asian , 0.02 % pacific islander , 0.30 % from other races , and 1.45 % from two or more races . hispanic or latino of any race were 1.07 % of the population .
nawshirwan mustafa ( 22 december 1944 – 19 march 2017 ) was an iraqi kurdish politician . he served as the general coordinator ( رێکخەری گشتی / rêkxerî giştî ) of the movement for change ( ) from 2009 until his death in 2017 . he served as the leader of the official opposition in the kurdistan region . he was born in sulaymaniyah , iraq.mistafa died in sulaymaniyah due to lung cancer on 19 may 2017 at the age of 72 .
the eerste divisie ( english : first division ) is an association football league in the netherlands . it is the second - highest league in the country . when a team wins the league , they get promoted to the eredivisie . until 2015 , when a team did bad in the league , they would get sent to the topklasse . recently , the team would get sent to the tweede klasse instead . the league has been around since 1956 .
a tiffany lamp is a type of lamp with a glass shade . they are made with glass designed by louis comfort tiffany and his design studio , tiffany & co. . the most famous was the stained leaded glass lamp . tiffany lamps are considered part of the art nouveau movement.due to tiffany 's dominant influence on the style , the term ' tiffany lamp ' or ' tiffany style lamp ' often refers to stained leaded glass lamps . even those not made by louis comfort tiffany 's company .
noureddine morceli ( born february 28 , 1970 in ténès , chlef province ) is a retired algerian athlete . he won the 1500 m run at the 1996 summer olympics . he won the silver medal in the 1500 m at the world junior championships in 1988 . morceli went to college in riverside , california.morceli was coached by his brother abderrahmane . his brother ran for algeria in the moscow olympics of 1980 and in los angeles in 1984 .
corpse bride , also known as tim burton 's corpse bride , is a 2005 stop - motion - animated fantasy movie directed by tim burton and mike johnson . it stars johnny depp , helena bonham carter , emily watson , albert finney , michael gough , richard e. grant , deep roy , paul whitehouse , and christopher lee . it was released on september 23 , 2005 . roger ebert gave the movie three out of four stars . it is now aired on spacetoon plus .
kim chung - yum ( ; 3 january 1924 – 25 april 2020 ) was a south korean politician . working for president park chung - hee , he was the longest serving chief presidential secretary in south korean history from 1969 to 1979 . he also was minister of finance and minister of commerce and industry from in 1966 and from 1967 to 1969 . from 1979 to 1980 , he was an ambassador to japan . kim was a member of the democratic republican party.kim died on 25 april 2020 , aged 96 .
william rancic ( ; born may 16 , 1971 ) is an american businessman , author , television personality and philanthropist . he was the first candidate hired by the trump organization at the conclusion of the first season of donald trump 's reality television show , " the apprentice " . rancic owns several restaurants mainly in chicago and washington , d.c. which include " rpm italian " , " rpm steak " and " rpm on the water " . he is married to e ! news host giuliana rancic .
paris lees is a british journalist and activist for transgender rights . she is a bisexual trans woman . she is an editor for " meta " magazine . she has written for newspapers including " the independent " , " the guardian " , and " the daily telegraph " . she works with trans media watch . in october 2013 lees was the first transgender person to be on " question time " . that month she was named by " the independent " as the most influential lgbt person in the uk .
" too good at goodbyes " is a song by english singer sam smith . it was written by james napier , tor hermansen , mikkel eriksen and smith , and produced by napes , steve fitzmaurice and stargate.it was released on 8 september 2017 through capitol records . it was the lead single from his second studio album , " the thrill of it all " ( 2017 ) . the song reached number one in the uk and number four on the " billboard " hot 100 .
johnny haynes ( 17 october 1934 – 18 october 2005 ) is a former english football player . he was captain of fulham , played for england national team and captained it . he was a forward , playing on the left wing as an outside left or inside left . today he would be called an attacking midfield player . his job was to provide balls to the strikers . he played three times for england in the fifa world cup.his statue outside the club ground at craven cottage shows what they thought of him .
joan rosebud blondell ( august 30 , 1906 – december 25 , 1979 ) was an american actress . she performed in movies and television for nearly fifty years . she played rosie sturges in " kansas city princess " . she also played gloria fay in the movie " miss pacific fleet " . blondell was born in new york city on august 30 , 1906 . her sister gloria blondell was also an actress . she died on december 25 , 1979 in santa monica , california from leukemia .
the albigensian crusade or cathar crusade ( 1209 – 1229 ) was a 20 - year military campaign . pope innocent iii started it to eliminate the cathar heresy in languedoc and make the roman catholic church supreme there again . the nobles of the kingdom of france did most of the fighting , and it resulted in a reduction in the number of practicing cathars . it also resulted in a realignment of occitania , bringing it into the sphere of the french crown .
rex taylor reed ( born october 2 , 1938 ) is an american movie critic , journalist , actor , and was the co-host for " at the movies " . he worked for the new york observer . he appeared as himself in the 1978 movie " superman " . reed was born on october 2 , 1938 in fort worth , texas . he was raised in new york city , new york . he now lives in manhattan , new york city , new york . he is good friends with liz smith .
all 's well that ends well is a play by william shakespeare . it is a comedy . it was based on a story in boccaccio 's " decameron " . the date " all 's well " was written is uncertain , but it was probably written between 1600 and 1603 . it was probably first performed about 1602 - 1603 , and probably first printed in the first folio of 1623 . the play is about helena 's love for the unresponsive bertram .
corner brook is a city in newfoundland and labrador , canada . it is on the west coast of the island of newfoundland.the area was originally four different communities : in 1956 , these communities combined to become the present - day city of corner brook.corner brook is home to the corner brook pulp & paper mill ( owned by kruger inc. ) . many people work at the mill . the city has the largest regional hospital in western newfoundland . the grenfell campus of memorial university of newfoundland is here .
chicken fingers ( also known as chicken tenders , chicken tendies or chicken strips ) are chicken meat dipped in breading and then deep - fried , grilled or baked . in the northeastern united states or the midwest , chicken strips are often made by way of egg batter and have smooth texture . elsewhere , however , chicken strips may lack egg batter and the texture can be rather coarse . chicken strips are provided to customers in certain restaurants , including kfc , mcdonald 's and wendy 's fast food networks .
richard henyekane ( 28 september 1983 – 7 april 2015 ) was a south african football player for premier soccer league club free state stars on loan from mamelodi sundowns.on 4 march 2012 , his team set a remarkable record in the nedbank cup when they beat powerlines fc by 24 goals to nil , with henyekane scoring five of the goals.henyekane made nine official appearances for the south africa national team . he died in a car accident on 7 april 2015 .
edward wayne lebaron , jr. ( january 7 , 1930 – april 1 , 2015 ) was an american football quarterback in the 1950s and early 1960s in the national football league . he played for the washington redskins , calgary stampeders , and for the dallas cowboys.he was added into the college football hall of fame in 1980 , into the bay area sports hall of fame in 2004 and was a charter inductee into the sac - joaquin section hall of fame in october 2010 . he died on april 1 , 2015 .
fana hlongwane is a south african political activist . he is known for his association with the south african arms deal where the south african government lost $ 130 billion in controversial deals . he was then adviser to defence minister joe modise in 1955 . his group of companies , such as ngwane defence , truvelo , les amis ( pty ) ltd , hlongwane consulting channelled around 200 million rand from a british aerospace which are alleged to be bribes distributed to the african national congress .
rolf leeser ( 4 june 1929 – 21 march 2018 ) was a german - born dutch footballer and fashion designer . he played for ajax from 1948 to 1954 . he was born in essen.leeser became a regular during the 1951 – 52 season , and continued to play until april 1954 , scoring six goals in 34 total appearances for the club over the course of his career.he founded leeser b.v. , a women 's fashion chain.leeser died on 21 march 2018 at the age of 88 .
the roseland peninsula , or just roseland , is a district of west cornwall in the united kingdom . roseland is in the south of the county and contains the town of st mawes and villages such as st just in roseland and gerrans . it is a peninsula , separated from the rest of cornwall by the river fal ( on the east is the english channel ) . there is some disagreement about where the peninsula begins and some include the village of tregony in roseland and others do not .
the simpsons sing the blues is an album of songs sung by the characters from " the simpsons " . the songs are not on the television series , except for " moaning lisa blues " . the album was released in early december 1990 . it included many songs , including " do the bartman " and " deep deep trouble " . the most notable , however , was lisa simpson 's version of " god bless the child " ( originally by billie holiday ) . that song was a major hit during early 1991 .
the texas chainsaw massacre 2 ( marketed as the texas chainsaw massacre part 2 ) is a 1986 american horror comedy movie directed by tobe hooper . it is a sequel to " the texas chain saw massacre " . it was written by l. m. kit carson and produced by carson , yoram globus , menahem golan and hooper.it stars dennis hopper , caroline williams , bill johnson , bill moseley and jim siedow . it is the only movie where leatherface dies .
neopterygii is a group of fish . neopterygii means " new fins " . there are only few changes during their evolution from the earlier actinopterygians . they appeared somewhere in the late permian , before the time of the dinosaurs . the neopterygii is a very successful group of fishes , because they can move more rapidly than their ancestors . their scales and skeletons began to lighten during their evolution , and their jaws became more powerful and efficient .
tine thing helseth ( norwegian : ˈtiːnɛ tɪŋ hɛlsɛt ; born 1987 in oslo ) is a norwegian trumpet soloist who specialises in playing classical music.helseth began playing trumpet when she was seven years old and stuides at the barratt due institute of music in oslo . she has studied under both heidi johanessen ( a member of the norwegian national opera orchestra ) and , since 2002 , arnulf naur nilsen ( member of the oslo philharmonic ) .
john francis " jack " welch jr. ( november 19 , 1935 – march 1 , 2020 ) was an american retired business executive , author , and chemical engineer . he was chairman and ceo of general electric between 1981 and 2001 . in 2006 , welch 's net worth was estimated at $ 720 million . when he retired from ge he received a severance payment of $ 417 million , the largest such payment in history.welch died on march 1 , 2020 of renal failure at his home in manhattan at the age of 84 .
eric braeden ( born hans - jörg gudegast ; april 3 , 1941 ) is a german - american movie and television actor , best known for his role as victor newman on the soap opera " the young and the restless " , as hans dietrich in the 1960s tv series " the rat patrol " , and as john jacob astor iv in the 1997 film " titanic " . braeden won a daytime emmy award in 1998 for daytime emmy award for outstanding lead actor in a drama series for the role of victor newman .
hilmar hoffmann ( 25 august 1925 – 1 june 2018 ) was a german cultural and movie historian . he was born in bremen , germany . between 1970 and 1990 he was a city councillor in frankfurt am main , and initiated the promotion of free groups in urban culture . from 1993 to 2001 he was president of the goethe - institut ( munich ) . he taught movie theory and cultural politics at the goethe university frankfurt.hoffmann died in frankfurt , germany on 1 june 2018 of a stroke at the age of 92 .
the wheeling tunnel is a pair of tunnels in wheeling , ohio county , west virginia . the tunnels allow interstate 70 and u.s. route 250 to go through wheeling hill . each tunnel has two lanes of each road.the tunnel is run by the west virginia division of highways . opened in 1966 , the wheeling tunnel cost $ 6.9 million to build . it was rebuilt between 2007 and 2010 for $ 13.7 million . in 2009 , an average of 59,600 cars used the tunnel every day .
amanda jacqueline redman ( born 12 august 1957 ) is a british actress . she was born in brighton.redman 's movie roles include deedee dove in " sexy beast " . her television roles include " at home with the braithwaites " and " new tricks " . redman 's aunt was actress joyce redman ( 1915 - 2012 ) . redman married actor robert glenister ( born 1960 ) in 1984 . their daughter emily glenister was born in 1987 . the couple divorced in 1992 .
suva is the capital city of fiji . it is on the southeast coast of the island of viti levu . suva became the capital of fiji in 1877 . it was changed from the settlement of kaivalagi on the island of ovalau because that settlement had no space left to grow . kaivalangi had been established by the europeans . in 1996 , 77,366 people lived in suva . including independent suburbs , 167,975 people lived in the greater suva city area .
mycoplasma genitalium is a small parasitic bacterium which lives on the ciliated epithelial cells of the primate genital and respiratory tracts.it has one of the smallest known genomes , and is one of the smallest bacteria . other very small bacteria are the endosymbiont " candidatus " carsonella ruddii , and the recently discovered bacterium " nanoarchaeum " . the smallest known free living bacterium is " pelagibacter ubique " with 1.3 mb .
david antônio corrêa ( june 5 , 1937 – may 10 , 2020 ) was a brazilian singer - songwriter . his works were samba , samba - enredo and pagode . he was born in são joão de meriti , rio de janeiro . his career began in 1972 . he created many songs and background music for rio de janeiro carnival.in april 2020 , corrêa was run over by a car in rio de janeiro . he died on may 10 , 2020 of kidney failure caused by covid - 19 , aged 82 .
andrew franklin " andy " puzder ( born july 11 , 1950 ) is the chief executive of cke restaurants . he received his juris doctorate in 1978 from washington university school of law in st. louis where he served as senior editor on the law review . puzder has served as president and ceo of cke since september 2000 . on december 8 , 2016 , puzder was named as president - elect donald trump 's nominee for united states secretary of labor . he withdrew as the nominee on february 15 , 2017 .
barack obama was inaugurated as the 44th president of the united states on tuesday , january 20 , 2009 . this inauguration was the beginning of the first term of obama as president and of joe biden as vice president . the oath of office was given by chief justice john g. roberts.the ceremony was attended by more people than any event held in washington , d.c. based on the combined numbers of people there , people watching it on television and the internet , it was one of the most - watched events ever by the global audience .
robert easton ( november 23 , 1930 – december 16 , 2011 ) was an american movie , voice , television , and stage actor who has a career span of 60 years . he is known for his change in voices in different movies , earning him the nickname " the man of a thousand voices " . he was born on november 23 , 1930 in milwaukee , wisconsin . he was never married and had no children . easton died on december 16 , 2011 in los angeles , california from natural cuases . he was 81 years old .
rené angélil ( january 16 , 1942 – january 14 , 2016 ) was a canadian singer . he was also the former manager of celine dion . he was married to dion from 1994 until his death.angélil was born in montreal , quebec . it was previously reported that he had throat cancer . in september 2015 , céline revealed that angélil 's cancer was terminal , and that he had only ' weeks ' to live . angélil died on january 14 , 2016 in henderson , nevada of a heart attack complicated from the disease at the age of 73 .
a gentile is a person who is not jewish . it is polite to use this word when needed to describe a person who is not jewish , as in " my friend robert is a gentile . " up until about a hundred years ago , it was very hard ( and unlikely ) for jews and gentiles to be close friends . this is because they would be expected to ask each other over for dinner , but jews follow strict laws about what they can and can not eat . they can only eat what is kosher .
southampton island is one of the bigger members of the canadian arctic archipelago . it is a big island at the entrance to hudson bay , canada . it is part of the kivalliq region of the nunavut territory . the area of the island is 41,214 km ² . it is the 34th biggest island in the world and canada 's 9th biggest island . the only settlement on southampton island is coral harbour ( pop . 712 , canada 2001 census ) , called in inuit " salliq " .
friedrich hund ( 4 february 1896 31 march 1997 ) was a german physicist from karlsruhe known for his work on atoms and molecules . he worked at the universities of rostock , leipzig , jena , frankfurt am main , göttingen and was a member of the international academy of quantum molecular science.he had published more than 250 papers and essays and made contributions to quantum theory about the structure of the atom and the structure of molecular spectra . the hund 's rule was named after him and in 1926 he discovered the later so - called tunneling effect .
gresham 's law is commonly written : " bad money drives out good . " if people want one thing ( " good " money ) more than the other ( " bad " money ) , they will always offer the bad money in trade before the good money . over time , the good money will be kept in pocket , and only the bad money will be found in the market . the law is named after sir thomas gresham ( 1519 - 1579 ) . gresham founded the royal exchange in 1565 .
elvira amanda orphée ( 29 may 1922 – 26 april 2018 ) was an argentine writer . she was born in san miguel de tucumán . orphée has published short stories and articles in various publications such as " el tiempo " , " revista de occidente " , " asomante " , " cuadernos " , " razon " and " zona franca e imagen " . she was awarded a guggenheim fellowship in creative arts in 1988 . orphée died on 26 april 2018 in buenos aires at the age of 95 .
the chinese fire belly newt ( " cynops orientalis " ) is a species of newts . they are small and will reach up to 2.2 - 4 inches ( 6 - 10 cm ) . they are black and have bright orange colors on their front side . they are commonly found in pet stores . they are sometimes confused with the japanese fire belly newt . this is because of their small size and colors . however , the chinese fire belly newt has smoother skin and a rounder tail than the japanese fire belly newt .
an acre is an english unit of area , which is also used in the united states and some commonwealth countries . it is most often used to describe areas of land.an acre is approximately equal : originally , it was seen as the area of land a farmer could plough with an ox in a day . since this definition depended on the farmer and the ox , it looked variable . therefore , edward i , edward iii , henry viii and george iv passed laws fixing its size . the commonwealth countries , including the united states then also introduced these laws .
the australia act 1986 is the name of a pair of separate but related pieces of legislation . one was an act of the commonwealth parliament of australia . the other was an act of the parliament of the united kingdom . these nearly identical acts were passed by the two parliaments because no one knew which one had the power to do so.the " australia act " ended the possibility for the uk to make laws for australia . also the uk could not be involved in australian government . and no one could appeal from any australian court to a british court .
dorothea sally eilers ( or just sally eilers ; december 11 , 1908 – january 5 , 1978 ) was an american actress . she was very popular in hollywood during the 1930s . she appeared mostly in melodramatic and comedy movies . toward the end of the 1930s , she became less popular . her last appearance in a movie was in 1950 . in her final years , eilers had poor health . she was born in new york city . she died after having a heart attack at age sixty - nine in los angeles .
the prime minister of the republic of turkey ( turkish : " türkiye cumhuriyeti başbakanı " ) was the head of government of the republic of turkey from 1920 to 2018 . the prime minister was the leader of a political coalition in the turkish parliament ( meclis ) and the leader of the cabinet.the last holder of the position is binali yıldırım who took office on 24 may 2016 . the vote to transform the nation to a presidential system in the constitutional referendum of 2017 means the office was removed after the general election of 2018 .
the blood eagle is a torture method where a person is cut by the ribs from the spine , breaking the victims ribs so they resembled blood - stained wings , and having their lungs pulled out . salt was also sometimes sprinkled in the wounds . the torture method was mostly mentioned in norse saga literature . king ælla of northumbria , halfdan son of king haraldr hárfagri of norway , king edmund , king maelgualai of munster , and possibly archbishop ælfheah of canterbury are all believed to have been victims of the torture method .
utility cycling encompasses any cycling done simply as a means of transport rather than as a sport or leisure activity . it is the original and most common type of cycling in the world.utility or " transport " cycling generally involves travelling short and medium distances ( several kilometres , not uncommonly 3 – 15 kilometers one way , or somewhat longer ) , often in an urban environment . it includes commuting for example going to work , school or university , going shopping and running errands , as well as heading out to see friends and family or for other social activities .
zacharie séry bailly , or séry bailly , ( 13 march 1948 – 2 december 2018 ) was an ivorian academic , politician and short - story writer . he was born in abidjan , ivory coast . he was known as chairperson of harris memel - fotê - jean jaurès fondation in abidjan , he was also vice-chairman of the academy of sciences , arts , cultures of africa and the african diaspora ( ascad ) . bailly died in abidjan on 2 december 2018 from complications of surgery , aged 70 .
shimmer and shine is a canadian – american animated children 's television series created by farnaz esnaashari - charmatz . it airs on nickelodeon in the united states and on treehouse in canada . the series premiered on august 24 , 2015 . the show was based on an unreleased pilot from september 2013 . on february 11 , 2016 , it was announced that " shimmer and shine " was renewed for a second season that uses cgi animation . on june 21 , 2016 , " shimmer and shine " was renewed for a third season .
john marwood cleese ( born 27 october 1939 ) is an english actor and writer . he was born in weston - super-mare , england . he graduated from downing college , cambridge . cleese has a degree in law . he was a member of the comedy team , monty python . he starred in the television sitcom , " fawlty towers " that he co-wrote with his first wife , connie booth , who played the role of polly sherman on the show . he plays q in some of the james bond movies .
edward lunn young ( september 7 , 1920 – may 9 , 2017 ) was a republican u.s. representative from south carolina . he served in the house from january 3 , 1973 through january 3 , 1975 . young was the republican candidate for governor in 1978 , but lost to democratic state senator richard riley . he ran again for governor , but lost in the republican primaries to john light napier . after his 1980 defeat , young retired from politics.young died in his sleep on may 9 , 2017 at his home in florence , south carolina , aged 96 .
jeff corey ( arthur zwerling ; august 10 , 1914 – august 16 , 2002 ) was an american stage , voice , movie , television , radio actor , movie director , and teacher . he was known for his role as luke benson in " superman and the mole men " . corey was born on august 10 , 1914 in brooklyn , new york city . corey was married to hope corey from 1938 until his death in 2002 . they had three children . corey died on august 16 , 2002 after he fell in his house in santa monica , california , aged 88 .
george shaw ( 10 december 1751 – 22 july 1813 ) was an english botanist and zoologist . shaw published one of the first english descriptions of several common australian animals . his book was called " zoology of new holland " which was released in 1794 . he was the first scientist to examine a platypus . he released a description about the animal on his book " the naturalist 's miscellany " in 1799 . he became the first to do so . in herpetology he described a lot of new species of reptiles and amphibians .
the extremaduran language ( ) is the native language of northwestern province of cáceres . about 150,000 people speak it in extremadura . this language is very similar to leonese language and asturian or bable , spoken in other territories that once made up the kingdom of león . is called " artu estremeñu " ( high extremaduran ) too . the central and low extremaduran ( " meyu estremeñu " and " bahu estremeñu " ) are spanish dialects with extremaduran influences .
automobile dacia s.a. is a romanian car company . the company was founded in 1966 , and has been a subsidiary of the french car manufacturer renault since 1999 . it is romania 's top company by revenue and the largest exporter , constituting 7.3 % of the country 's total exports in 2014 . the dacia manufacturing plant in mioveni , argeș county is europe 's fifth biggest car manufacturing facility by volume producing 584,219 units ( cars and ckd kits ) delivered in 2016 and 550,912 units in 2015 .
frances crowe ( march 15 , 1919 – august 27 , 2019 ) was an american peace activist and pacifist . she was born in carthage , missouri . in 1967 , during the vietnam war , she worked as a draft counselor.crowe was known for her works in the movement against nuclear power and for safe energy in new england since the 1970s and was one of 1414 people arrested at the occupation of the seabrook nuclear power plant construction site in april , 1977 . crow died on august 27 , 2019 at her in northampton , massachusetts of heart failure at the age of 100 .
miguel obando y bravo ( 2 february 1926 – 3 june 2018 ) was a nicaraguan prelate of the catholic church . he was the archbishop of managua from 1970 until his resignation on 12 march 2005 . on 25 may 1985 , he was selected by pope john paul ii to be cardinal . he was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that elected pope benedict xvi . he was born in la libertad , chontales , nicaragua.obando died in managua on 3 june 2018 of a heart attack at the age of 92 .
moorabbin ( harry hawker ) airport is an airport for light aircraft located in mentone , victoria , australia . the airport is a suburb , with its own postcode " 3194 " . the airport opened in december 1949 . it was going to be called " mentone " but this was too similar to the then french airport menton . the name cheltenham was too similar to the uk airport gloucester / cheltenham . the name comes from the nearby suburb of moorabbin , victoria . moorabbin airport is the third busiest airport in australia by aircraft movements .
françois michelin ( 15 june 1926 – 29 april 2015 ) was a french heir and business executive . he served as the ceo of michelin from 1955 to 1999 . michelin was born in clermont - ferrand , auvergne . his grandfather , édouard michelin ( 1859 – 1940 ) , was the founder of michelin . he became an orphan at the age of ten . he was a roman catholic . he had five children , including édouard ( 1963 – 2006 ) . michelin died on 29 april 2015 in clermont - ferrand , aged 88 .
the ywca are a movement representing women working for social and economic change around the world . they advocate for the leaderships of women , human rights , peace and sustainable development . the full name for this organization is the " world young women 's christian association " ; they are based from geneva , switzerland . the ywca are not connected or affiliated with the ymca . the movement that resulted in the development of ywca got started around 1855 in england , and until around 1930 their headquarters were based in london . ywca usa were established during 1858 .
in mathematics , a divergent series is an infinite series that is not convergent , meaning that the infinite sequence of the partial sums of the series does not have a finite limit.if a series converges , the individual terms of the series must approach zero . thus any series in which the individual terms do not approach zero diverges . however , convergence is a stronger condition : not all series whose terms approach zero converge . a counterexample is the harmonic seriesformula_1the divergence of the harmonic series was proven by the medieval mathematician nicole oresme .
the middle angles were an important ethnic group in the kingdom of mercia during the anglo - saxon period . it is probable that angles moved into the midlands from east anglia early in the 6th century . the area they occupied is now centred around modern leicestershire and northamptonshire . they were in place before the reign of penda ( c.626 - 655 ) . he made his eldest son , peada , king of the middle angles in 653 . for some time they kept their own identity in mercia . the middle angles had their own bishop based in leicester .
the aegean cat ( ) is a breed of cat . it first lived on the cyclades islands on the aegean sea . this is how it got its name . because it was an island cat , it likes to play in water and to catch fish.the aegean now lives all over greece and is a common domestic cat that lives in homes . but there are also many that are feral in greece . this means they are not tame and they run wild . they hang around fishing ports begging for food . this breed is probably the only cat that began in greece .
reign in blood is the third album and major label debut by the american thrash metal band slayer . released on october 7 , 1986 , " reign in blood " was very well received by both critics and fans , and was responsible for bringing slayer to the attention of a mainstream metal audience . " kerrang ! " magazine said the record was " the heaviest album of all time , " and a breakthrough in thrash metal and speed metal . alongside metallica 's " master of puppets " , " reign in blood " is considered one of the most influential thrash metal albums of all time .
henryk cioch ( 30 july 1951 – 20 december 2017 ) was a polish lawyer , professor and politician . he was born in lubaczów , poland . he served of the senate of poland upon winning his senate seat in 2011 as an independent . he retired in 2015 . he was the deputy dean of the faculty of law , canon law and administration , held the chair of civil law at the catholic university of lublin and a member of the scientific society of lublin.cioch died on 20 december 2017 in lublin , poland of complications from a staph infection at the age of 66 .
sir david john cameron mackay , frs , finstp , fice ( 22 april 1967 – 14 april 2016 ) was a british physicist , mathematician , and academic . he was the regius professor of engineering in the department of engineering at the university of cambridge and from 2009 to 2014 was chief scientific adviser to the uk department of energy and climate change ( decc ) . before being appointed to the decc , mackay was most well known as author of the book " sustainable energy – without the hot air " . mackay died of stomach cancer in cambridge , england on 14 april 2016 , aged 48 .
karl ernst ritter von baer , edler von huthorn ( ; – ) was an estonian scientist and explorer . baer is also known in russia as karl maksimovich baer ( ) . baer was a naturalist , biologist , geologist , meteorologist , geographer , and a founding father of embryology . he was an explorer of european russia and scandinavia . he was a member of the russian academy of sciences , a co-founder of the russian geographical society , and the first president of the russian entomological society , making him a distinguished baltic german scientist .
marc wathieu ( 30 april 1962 – 10 january 2020 ) , better known as marc morgan , was a belgian singer and songwriter . he was born in huy . his single " notre mystère , nos reunions " reached the french top 50 charts in 1993 . he also worked as a professor . he worked at the école de recherche graphique in brussels , the école supérieure des arts le 75 in woluwe - saint - lambert and the haute école albert jacquard in namur.morgan died on 10 january 2020 , at the age of 57 .
peter joshua sculthorpe ( 29 june 1929 – 8 august 2014 ) was an australian composer . he was best known for orchestral and chamber music , such as " earth cry " ( 1986 ) and " kakadu " ( 1988 ) . he was a classical - styled opera and ballet composer.sculthorpe was born in suburban launceston , tasmania . he studied in melbourne , victoria and at the wadham college , oxford in the united kingdom.sculthorpe died after a long illness on 8 august 2014 in sydney , new south wales . he was 85 .
captain planet and the planeteers is an american animated environmentalist television program , based on an idea by ted turner and produced by andy heyward , robby london , barbara pyle and nicholas boxer . the series was developed and co-produced by turner program services along with the partnership of dic entertainment and ran new episodes from september 10 , 1990 until december 5 , 1992 . a second series , " the new adventures of captain planet " , ran for three seasons and was produced by turner broadcasting and then - corporate sibling hanna - barbera productions . both programs continue today in syndication .
the colombo crime family ( pronounced ) is the youngest of the " five families " that was a large important group in organized crime activities in new york city , united states.it was during lucky luciano 's organization of the american mafia after the castellammarese war , and the assassinations of giuseppe " joe the boss " masseria and salvatore maranzano , that the gang run by joseph profaci was known as the profaci crime family.profaci would rule his family without interruption or challenge until the late 1950s . the family has been torn by three internal wars .
brooks & dunn was an american country music duo that were active from 1990 to 2010 . the duo consisted of kix brooks and ronnie dunn who were originally paired by their record producer tim dubois . the duo won the country music association vocal duo of the year award every year between 1992 and 2006 , although they did n't for 2000 . their two songs " hard workin ' man " and " my maria " won the grammy award for best country performance by a duo or group with vocal in 1993 and 1996 . they announced that they would be breaking up on august 10 , 2010 .
a kunya ( arabic : كنية ) is a name which is honorably given to the mother or father of an arabic child . kunya is pronounced koon - ya . a married person ( especially ladies ) are called by their kunya name , which is " abu " ( father ) or " umm " ( mother ) plus the name of their first son . their whole name is their name plus their kunya . for example , " umm ja ' far aminah " is the mother of ja ' far . the kunya precedes the personal name .
daisy lúcidi ( 10 august 1929 – 7 may 2020 ) was a brazilian actress . she was born in rio de janeiro . her best known role was as valentina miranda in the telenovela " passione " . she also starred in " paraíso tropical " and " babilônia " . her best known movie role was as elder isaura in " as aventuras de agamenon , o repórter " ( 2012 ) . on 4 may 2020 , lúcidi was hospitalized for covid - 19 in rio de janeiro . she died three days later on 7 may from the infection , aged 90 .
guillermo enrique morales portillo , better known as memo morales ( 6 april 1937 – 1 january 2017 ) was a venezuelan singer also known as " el gitano maracucho " . he was the voice main of important orchestras of the country.in 1981 , he founded , with luisín landaez , " la nuestra " , and in 1984 , with cheo garcía , created " la gran orquesta de cheo y memo " . they performed together until garcia 's death in 1994 . morales died on 1 january 2017 in caracas , venezuela from a heart attack , aged 79 .
the dram ( armenian : դրամ ) is the money of armenia . it is divided into 100 luma . the word " dram " translates into english as " money " . it is similar to the greek drachma and the arabic dirham . the central bank of armenia is the only place that can print drams.the first time the word dram was used for money in armenia was from 1199 to 1375 . the current dram began to be used 22 november 1993 . this was after armenia was no longer part of the soviet union .
theism is the religious belief that at least one god exists while rejecting the existence or importance of polytheistic gods or goddesses . in a broader definition it can also be the belief in god or gods in general , including all types of god - belief . polytheism is the belief in several gods , while monotheism is the belief in just one god . for example , a theistic religion is christianity . the opposite to a theist is an atheist . an atheist , is a person who denies or disbelieves the existence of a supreme being or beings .
owls are animals in the order strigiformes . there are 200 species , and they are all animals of prey . most of them are solitary and nocturnal ; in fact , they are the only large group of birds which hunt at night . owls are specialists at night - time hunting animals . they feed on small mammals such as rodents , insects , and other birds , and a few species like to eat fish as well.as a group , owls are very successful . they are found in all parts of the world except antarctica , most of greenland , and some other small islands .
a pencil is a kind of writing equipment that is also used to draw , usually on paper . most pencil cores are made of graphite powder mixed with a clay binder . so , a pencil is usually made with a piece of graphite mixed with clay that has a wood case around it . the shape is usually a hexagonal prism but some pencils are square or cylinder.colored pencils are a kind that do not use greyish silver graphite . instead , the core is colorful . colored pencils or crayons are usually meant for drawing rather than writing .
wind power is the conversion of the energy in wind into a more useful form of energy , like electricity . it is a renewable source of energy that helps to cut down on the pollution of earth 's air.wind power capacity has expanded quickly to 336 gw in june 2014 , and wind energy production was about 4 % of total worldwide electricity usage , and growing fast . wind power is widely used in european countries , and more recently in the united states and asia . in 2012 wind power accounted for approximately 30 % of electricity generation in denmark , 20 % in portugal and 18 % in spain .
the oststracoderms are a class of extinct fish . they were bony - armoured jawless fish , the osteostraci ( " bony shields " ) . they lived in what is now north america , europe and russia from the middle silurian to upper devonian . they were the first fish to use gills just for respiration.ostracoderms were the first fossil fish to be discovered . they were found in the 1830s in the old red sandstone of scotland . the genus " cephalaspis " is quite a common fossil in these rocks .
the prime minister of the democratic socialist republic of sri lanka ( ; ) is the most senior member of parliament in the cabinet of ministers in sri lanka . they are in charge for their policies and actions to parliament . the president is both head of state and head of government in sri lanka . since 1978 , most prime ministers have served as mere deputies to the executive presidency , while at times served as the " de-facto " head of government.on 21 november 2019 , mahinda rajapaksa was appointed as the prime minister by his brother gotabaya rajapaksa .
john a. stormer ( february 9 , 1928 – july 10 , 2018 ) was an american protestant anti-communist author . he was born in altoona , pennsylvania . stormer was best known for his 1964 book " none dare call it treason . " his books sold millions , warning america about the communist in the american society , politics and culture . richard hofstadter in " the paranoid style in american politics " called it a " masterful piece of folkish propaganda . " stormer died on july 10 , 2018 in troy , missouri at the age of 90 .
the curie ( symbol ci ) is a unit of measurement . it measures radioactivity . it is defined asthis is roughly the activity of 1 gram of the radium isotope ra . radium was studied by the pioneers of radiology , marie and pierre curie so the unit is named after them . the curie has since been replaced by an si derived unit , the becquerel ( bq ) , which is decay per second . therefore : andin 1962 , the international commission on radiological units suggested the usage of this unit named after marie curie .
edward joseph farmer ( october 18 , 1949 – april 1 , 2020 ) was an american professional baseball pitcher . he played in major league baseball ( mlb ) for the cleveland indians , detroit tigers , baltimore orioles , milwaukee brewers , texas rangers , chicago white sox , and oakland a 's in the american league and the philadelphia phillies of the national league ( nl ) . farmer was the play - by - play broadcaster for chisox radio broadcasts . he was born in evergreen park , illinois.farmer died of kidney disease on april 1 , 2020 in calabasas , california at the age of 70 .
the yellowfin tuna ( " thunnus albacares " ) is a species of tuna found in pelagic waters of tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide.yellowfin is often marketed as ahi , from its name ʻahi although the name ʻahi in hawaiian also refers to the closely related bigeye tuna . although the species name " albacares " might suggest otherwise , the fish usually known as albacore is a different species of tuna . the yellowfin tuna is sometimes referred to as albacore by french and portuguese fishermen . it is the national fish of the maldives .
walter benz ( may 2 , 1931 – january 13 , 2017 ) was a german mathematician , an expert in geometry . benz was born in mainz , germany . he studied at the johannes gutenberg university of mainz.after a position at the johann wolfgang goethe university frankfurt am main , he served as a professor at the universities of bochum , waterloo and hamburg where he was professor emeritus . benz was honoured with the degree of a dr. h.c.inner product spaces over the real numbers were the basis of a 2007 book by benz : " classical geometries in modern contexts " .
the theory of relativity was developed by albert einstein in the early 1900s . there are two theories of relativity . the first is special relativity and the second is general relativity.the theory aims to solve problems which could not be solved by classical physics , or by 19th century physics . certain observations , like the orbit of mercury or the way light from distant sources bends as it passes a star , can not be explained by the physics of 1900 . einstein set out to revise the basic ideas of physics . his work was done in two stages , and each stage has a separate page on this wiki .
lake titicaca ( , " titiqaqa lake " ) is a large , deep lake in the andes mountains . the eastern part is in bolivia and the western part of it is in peru . it is the largest lake in south america.lake titicaca is at above sea level . it is often called the " highest navigable lake " in the world . it means that it is the highest lake that boats use for trade . there are many other lakes in the world that are higher . the lake has 41 islands . some of the islands are home to many people .
edison price " ned " vizzini ( april 4 , 1981 - december 19 , 2013 ) was an american writer . he is best known for writing " it 's kind of a funny story " . in 2010 a movie of the novel was released . vizzini had depression . he spent a week in a psychiatric hospital in 2004 after he called a suicide hotline . he based " it 's kind of a funny story " on his experience there . vizzini was found dead on december 19 , 2013 in new york . he had killed himself by jumping off a building .
joan antoni solans i huguet ( 15 october 1941 – 2 september 2019 ) was a spanish catalan architect . his works were about urban planning . he was born in barcelona.between 1980 and 1997 he was general director of town planning of the generalitat de catalunya during the government of jordi pujol and vice president of the institut català del sòl between 1988 and 2000 , when he resigned.he was the architect of the new territorial planning of catalonia and some cities.huget died on 2 september 2019 in barcelona after being hit by a car at the age of 77 .
kelly catlin ( november 3 , 1995 – march 7 , 2019 ) was an american professional racing cyclist . she rode for uci women 's team . catlin won gold medals in the women 's team pursuit at the 2016 , 2017 and 2018 uci track cycling world championships . she also won a silver medal in the same event at the 2016 summer olympics.catlin was born in st. paul , minnesota . she was a triplet.catlin killed herself on march 7 , 2019 at stanford university in stanford , california . she was 23 . months before her death , she had a concussion .
bandar seri begawan is the capital city of brunei . it has a population of 140,000 ( 2010 estimate ) . the city is the home of producers of furniture , textiles , handcrafts , and timber . it is the site of the royal ceremonial hall or lapau , royal regalia building , the sultan omar ali saifuddien mosque , the malay technology museum , and the brunei history center . bandar seri begawan is located at 4 ° 55 ' north , 114 ° 55 ' east ( 4.91667 , 114.91667 ) .
the stuart highway is one of australia 's major roads . it links port augusta , south australia , with darwin in the northern territory a distance of 2,834 km . it is named after the explorer john mcdouall stuart , and much of the road follows the route he took on his epic journey in 1862 . the highway is promoted as a tourist attraction , called the " explorer 's way " . for many years in australia it was simply known as " the track " . towns on the highway include marla , coober pedy , alice springs , tennant creek and katherine .
benthos : the flora and fauna found at the bottom of the sea or lake . covers quite a wide range of uses , for instance , animals in rock pools are benthic , though only a few inches below the surface . in the ocean , used to contrast organisms in the sea depths ( though not actually on the bottom ) , with plankton , living in the upper pelagic zone . the problem is addressed by extending the pelagic zone down below the light to the " bathypelagic " and " abyssopelagic " zones . these terms , however , are mostly not used .
the belize barrier reef is a series of coral reefs . it goes along the coast of belize , about offshore in the north and in the south . the belize barrier reef is a long section of the long mesoamerican barrier reef system . the reef system runs continuous from cancún on the northeast tip of the yucatán peninsula through the riviera maya down to honduras . this makes it one of the largest coral reef systems in the world after the great barrier reef in australia and the new caledonia barrier reef.charles darwin described it as " the most remarkable reef in the west indies " in 1842 .
sarah margaret qualley ( born october 23 , 1994 ) is an american actress and dancer . she is known for her roles in the hbo mystery series " the leftovers " ( 2014 – 2017 ) and as ann reinking in the fx biographical drama miniseries " fosse / verdon " ( 2019 ) . qualley has appeared in the dark comedy movie " the nice guys " ( 2016 ) and quentin tarantino 's comedy - drama " once upon a time in hollywood " ( 2019 ) , and has starred in the netflix movies " death note " ( 2017 ) and " io " ( 2019 ) .
helsinki ( ) is the capital city of finland . helsinki is the largest city in finland . 604,380 ( 31.12.2012 ) people live in helsinki , and 1,360,000 live in the helsinki metropolitan area.helsinki is in the south of finland , on the coast of the gulf of finland . city is in the uusimaa region . when one looks from helsinki , tallinn is on the opposite side of the sea , but it is too far away to see . a poetic name for helsinki is " the daughter of the baltic sea " .
intan erlita ( her full name intan erlita novianti , born in jakarta , 23 november 1980 ) is a television host and ex-model from indonesia.she start career as a catwalk model together with arzeti bilbina setyawan in 2000 . and in 2002 , she became a television host . in the middle of 2006 , she hosted wwe raw at lativi . intan also hosted formula 1 at globaltv as quiz ’s host . in 2007 she came back as the quiz show 's host , now at afc asian cup 2007 at globaltv .
webmin is a web - based system configuration tool for opensolaris , linux and other unix - like systems . it can configure many operating system internals , such as users , disk quotas , services , configuration files , as well as modify and control many opensource applications , such as the apache http server , php and mysql.webmin is largely based on perl , running as its own process and web server . it defaults to tcp port 10000 for communicating , and can be configured to use ssl if openssl is installed with extra required perl modules .
extreme rules ( 2016 ) was a wrestling pay - per - view ( ppv ) made by wwe . the event was held on may 22 , 2016 . it took place at the prudential center in newark , new jersey . it was the eighth annual extreme rules.eight wrestling matches take place on the event . in the most important match , roman reigns beat aj styles in a extreme rules match to keep his wwe world heavyweight championship.the event had mixed evaluations . critics praised the matches for the intercontinental championship and wwe world heavyweight championship . however , the rest of the show was not well received .
the princess helena ( helena augusta victoria : princess christian of schleswig - holstein by marriage ; 25 may 1846 – 9 june 1923 ) was the third daughter of queen victoria and prince albert . helena was interested in nursing , needlework and writing , and she founded several nursing hospitals . in 1866 , she married prince christian of schleswig - holstein , a minor german prince with very little money , and they lived near queen victoria in the united kingdom . after victoria 's death in 1901 , helena and christian lived in london and windsor . prince christian died in 1916 , shortly after their 50th wedding anniversary , and helena died six years later .
an icon , from the greek word for image , is a picture of something holy or divine . icons in this sense are in use mainly in eastern christianity . look in the article icon for this meaning.iconography is the study of all types of images , such as their history and meaning . this is mostly used in art history . the word can also mean " symbolism " . in other use , an " icon " is a pictogram for an object , facility , control , political party , government , or something like this . see icon ( secular ) . icon may also mean : in computing : other uses :
bernard albert " bernie " wrightson ( october 27 , 1948 – march 18 , 2017 ) was an american artist . he was known for co-creating the creature swamp thing , his frankenstein illustration work , and for his other horror comics and illustrations , which feature his trademark intricate pen and brush work.wrightson was born in dundalk , maryland . he was married to comic artist michele wrightson from 1976 until her death in 2015 . he later remarried to liz wrightson and lived together in austin , texas.wrightson died on march 18 , 2017 at a hospital in austin , texas from brain cancer , aged 68 .
highness is a style of address historically used for princes and princesses of minor nobility . as such it is much lower in terms of rank when compared to royal highness and imperial highness.highness is literally and , historically , the quality of being lofty or above . it is used as a term to evoke dignity or honour , and to acknowledge the importance or high rank of the person being addressed . the short way to write it is " hh " . however it is outranked by " grand ducal highness " . the style was often used by low - level nobility of the holy roman empire .
u.s. route 77 ( us 77 ) is a major north – south united states highway . it goes for 1305 miles in the central united states . as of 2005 , the highway 's northern endpoint is in sioux city , iowa , at an interchange with interstate 29 . its southern endpoint is in brownsville , texas , at veteran 's international bridge on the u.s. - mexico border.the road does not have signs in and around dallas , texas . the route has major freeway parts in oklahoma city . it includes the broadway extension part , which connects suburban edmond to downtown oklahoma city .
bissau is the capital city of guinea - bissau . it is also the largest city in the country ; around 355,000 people live there . the city is where the geba river flows into the atlantic ocean.the city was built by the portuguese in 1687 . it became the capital of portuguese guinea in 1942 , and has been the capital since independence was declared , except for a short time in 1973 and 1974 when the capital was at boe . bissau is famous for having a carnival every year.the main things that come from here are peanuts , wood , coconut meat , palm oil , and rubber .
sidney sussex college is one of the colleges of the university of cambridge , england . it is often just called sidney by the students . it was created in 1596 . it takes its name from frances sidney , countess of sussex , who gave money to build it . today it has about 550 students.it is quite a small college , and it is found in the town centre of cambridge . because it is in quite a small area , it has changed little since it was first built . the buildings were made of red brick at the beginning , but then they were covered by cement.many important people have studied here :
vasily dmitrievich zvyagintsev ( ; november 21 , 1944 – april 30 , 2016 ) was a russian science fiction author . he was born in grozny . he wrote his only novel series " odysseus leaves ithaca " , set during world war ii . the series was liked by literary critics . it contains more than 10 volumes . he won the aelita prize , interpesscon , а . r. belyaev award and special international award eurocon.zvyagintsev died on april 30 , 2016 in stavropol , russia from a heart attack , aged 71 .
pierre nora ( born 17 november 1931 ) is a french historian . he was elected to the académie française on 7 june 2001 . he is known for his work on french identity and memory . his name is associated with the study of new history . he is the brother of the late simon nora , former french officer.from 1965 to 1977 he was first assistant and then lecturer at the " institut d'études politiques de paris " ( paris institute of political science ) . since 1977 he has been the director of studies at the " école des hautes études en sciences sociales " ( school of higher studies in social sciences ) .
tropical storm arlene was the first named storm of the 2005 atlantic hurricane season . arlene was a large storm that formed early in the year . it had maximum wind speeds of 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) . it also caused one death and created $ 11.8 million ( 2005 usd ) in damage.the storm formed near honduras on june 8 and moved north . it came close to western cuba on june 10 before entering the gulf of mexico . arlene strengthened just below hurricane strength before making landfall on western florida . the storm quickly weakened while moving inland , and later became an extratropical remnant on june 13 .
various positions is the seventh studio album by leonard cohen , it was released in december 1984 ( and february 1985 ) . it marked not only his turn to the modern sound , but also , after the harmonies and backing vocals from jennifer warnes on the previous " recent songs " ( 1979 ) . the album included cohen 's best known work " hallelujah " . " various positions " made the top ten in spain , portugal , and scandinavia , and fared modestly well in the united kingdom . in the original 1985 " rolling stone " review , don shewey complimented lissauer 's " lucid and beautiful production " .
michael gregory " mike " rowe ( born march 18 , 1962 ) is an american actor , singer , television host , and narrator . he is best known for his voice - over work on commercials and as the host of the television program " dirty jobs " . rowe has acted on television , stage and movies as well as radio . he does a large amount of work as a narrator and has even been an opera singer.rowe was born on march 18 , 1962 in baltimore , maryland . he studied at overlea high school , at essex community college , and at towson state university . he now lives in san francisco , california .
the delaware river is a large river estuary in the northeast united states . it is about 280 miles ( 450 km ) long . it begins in the catskill mountains in southeast new york state and ends at the atlantic ocean at delaware bay . it forms the border or part of the border between the states of pennsylvania and new york , pennsylvania and new jersey and also between delaware and new jersey . the cities of trenton , new jersey , and philadelphia , pennsylvania are on the delaware river.another name for this river is the south river . it is named for thomas west , 3rd lord de la warr , a colonial governor of virginia .
alison is a female given name that has many kinds of spellings . it was originally in medieval norman . it was derived from the name " alice " . the name was first recorded in scotland in the 12th century . the variant spelling " allison " ranked 228 for female names for the united states in 1990 , and was the 45th most popular for girls between 2005 and early 2010s . as " allison " , the name was used for tropical storms for 1989 , 1995 and 2001 . the 2001 tropical storm was incredibly damaging , which in turn caused the name to be retired the following year . " alison " can be used in other cases :
the gulf of gonâve ( ) is a large gulf along the western coast of haiti . it is at . port - au - prince , the capital city of haiti , is on the coast of the gulf . other cities on the gulf coast include gonaïves , saint - marc , miragoâne , and jérémie.several islands are in the gulf ; the largest is gonâve island , followed by the much smaller cayemites . the artibonite river flows into this gulf.gonâve island splits the gulf in two channels ( a channel is a narrow part of the sea ) : the " saint - marc channel " to the north and the " gonâve channel " to the south .
david richard ellis ( september 8 , 1952 – january 7 , 2013 ) was an american child actor , movie director , and stuntman . he is known for directing " snakes on a plane " , " final destination " , " cellular " , and " shark night " . ellis was born on september 8 , 1952 in santa monica , california . he was raised in los angeles , california . ellis was the brother of annie ellis . he had a son , twany ellis . ellis died aged 60 in his hotel room on january 7 , 2013 in johannesburg , south africa . at the end of his life he was directing " kite " .
manohar gopalkrishna prabhu parrikar ( 13 december 1955 – 17 march 2019 ) was an indian politician . he was the leader of bharatiya janata party . he was the chief minister of goa from 14 march 2017 to 17 march 2019 . he was chief minister of goa from 2000 to 2005 and from 2012 to 2014 . he worked under prime minister narendra modi as defence minister of india from 2014 to 2017 . in october 2018 , it was announced that parrikar had pancreatic cancer . he died on 17 march 2019 from the disease at his home in panaji , goa at the age of 63 .
manolis glezos ( ; 9 september 1922 – 30 march 2020 ) was a greek left - wing politician and guerilla . glezos was best known for his participation in the world war ii resistance . he was a mep from 1984 to 1985 and again from 2014 to 2015 . in march 2010 , glezos was participating in a protest demonstration in athens , when he was hit in the face by a police tear gas canister . he was carried away injured.in february 2012 , glezos was arrested by riot police while protesting in athens.glezos died on 30 march 2020 of heart failure in athens at the age of 98 .
in computer science , 64 - bit computing refers to a microprocessor 's data stream . it means an operating system can use more computer memory at one time . this makes a 64 - bit system much faster than a 32 - bit system . a 32 - bit system can only use up to 3.56 gigabytes of random - access memory ( called ram or memory ) . a 64 - bit system can use much more memory making it considerably faster . using an analogy , a 64 - bit system is like a 64 line highway . if each bit were a car , it means 64 of them can move at the same time .
a strongpoint is a key point in a defensive fighting position which the rest of the positions rely on . its primary requirement is that it should not be easy to defeat by the enemy . in general , high ground is preferred . but any good tactically important terrain can be used as a strongpoint . examples from history include battle of thermopylae , where 300 spartans held off an entire persian army at a narrow pass in the mountains . in the battle of monte cassino in italy in world war ii , the area around the abbey of monte cassino was used by the german army as a strongpoint until it was destroyed by american bombers .
jeffrey franklin kent ( born march 7 , 1968 ) was an american baseball player . he played second base . he played for six different teams , including the new york mets , san francisco giants , and los angeles dodgers . he was a five - time all - star , and the 2000 national league mvp . in his career , he batted .290 , with 2,461 hits , 377 home runs and 1,518 rbis . he has more home runs than any other second baseman . he also drove in 90 or more batters in nine straight seasons.kent was from bellflower , california and went to high school in huntington beach .
pethidine or meperidine ( often called demerol in the united states ) is a synthetic opioid - a man - made drug similar to morphine . it is a painkiller . it is used against moderate to severe pain . it can mix badly with other medicines , including muscle relaxants , some antidepressants , benzodiazepines , and alcohol.pethidine can be bad for people with liver disease , kidney disease , an enlarged prostate , trouble peeing , hyperthyroidism , asthma or addison 's disease . it can also be bad for people who have had seizures or epilepsy .
this is the title history of the wwe championship . the title was introduced in 1963 by the then - world wide wrestling federation ( wwwf ) . it is recognized as the top championship in the wwe.the wrestler with the most reigns as world heavyweight champion is john cena with 13 . ric flair and john cena hold the most recognized world heavyweight championships , across multiple companies , tied with 16 . the longest reigning champion is bruno sammartino , holding the championship for 7 years , 8 months , and 1 day from may 17 , 1963 , to january 18 , 1971 . the current champion is kofi kingston , who is in his 1st reign as champion .
william joseph nealon jr. ( july 31 , 1923 – august 30 , 2018 ) was an american jurist . he was born in scranton , pennsylvania.nealon jr. was united states district judge of the united states district court for the middle district of pennsylvania . he was the last judicial appointee from the kennedy administration . he was on the court from 1962 to 1989 . nealon jr. was the longest - serving current federal judge at his death . on august 28 , 2018 , he became the longest serving federal district judge in history , two days before his death.nealon jr. died in scranton on august 30 , 2018 from pneumonia at the age of 95 .
werdenberg is a historical village in the canton of st. gallen . it lies just outside buchs . today , between 55 and 60 people live there . there are about 40 houses , some of them only used for holidays . werdenberg has a castle , which is often visited by tourists.there was a county of werdenberg . it included the city itself , the villages of grabs , buchs , sevelen and the right to judge in wartau . the first count of werdenberg died in 1182 . in 1402 , his successors let the county to the count of montfort - tettnang . in 1485 , it was sold to the city of lucerne . in 1517 , it was sold to the canton of glarus . during napoleon 's reign in switzerland ( called the helvetic republic , 1798 - 1803 ) , werdenberg was made part of the " canton of linth " ( which also included the modern - day canton of glarus , and parts of the canton of schwyz ) . after the end of the reign , werdenberg was made part of the canton of st. gallen .
hexen is a first person shooter video game . it is a sequel to the computer game heretic , created by id software and raven software . the player can choose to play as a fighter , a cleric ( knight ) , or a mage ( wizard ) . each character can use 4 different weapons . the monsters are like the monsters in heretic , but there are a few new ones . this game uses a better design and plays much better than heretic . in " hexen " , doors can open forward instead of just going up , you can jump , glass can break when you shoot it , and monsters can make things happen when they die , like making an item . there is also more of a story in " hexen " .
sublimation is the process by which a solid transforms into a gas without passing through the liquid stage . it occurs when the particles of a solid absorb enough energy to completely overcome the force of attraction between them . most substances can sublimate only at low pressure . many can sublimate in space.sometimes snow undergoes sublimation as well . this is most likely to occur on sunny winter days when the air is very dry . snow may look like it disappears on a cold sunny day , but this is not sublimation because it forms a thin layer of liquid water first.at normal atmospheric pressure on the surface of the earth , only some compounds like dry ice ( solid carbon dioxide ) can go through this process . co changes from dry ice , a solid to a gas without being a liquid . also diamond , graphite , iodine , ammonium chloride and aluminium chloride sublime rather than melt at atmospheric pressure .
bâgé - le - châtel is a commune . it is found in the auvergne - rhône - alpes region in the ain department in the east of france . the inhabitants of this town are called " bagésiens " . in 2009 , 792 people lived in the commune . historically , the local economy was mostly based around commerce , but declined in the middle of the 20th century because the town of mâcon is so close . the most important monuments in the commune are the ramparts , listed as " monument historique " since 1929 , the old hospital , " monument historique " since 1980 , two 16th century castles and the " assomption " church . famous people from bâgé - le - châtel include the generals puthod ( 18 and 19th centuries ) and murtin ( 20th century ) .
philip leder ( november 19 , 1934 – february 2 , 2020 ) was an american geneticist . he was born in washington , d.c. . he was known for his works towards genetic code and the nirenberg and leder experiment . his many prizes include the lasker award ( 1987 ) , the national medal of science ( 1991 ) , the harvey prize , and the heineken prize awarded by the royal netherlands academy of arts and sciences . he was a member of the national academy of sciences , the american academy of arts and sciences and the institute of medicine.leder died on february 2 , 2020 in philadelphia , pennsylvania of parkinson 's disease - related problems at the age of 85 .
constant permeke ( 31 july 1886 – 4 january 1952 ) was a belgian painter and sculptor . he is said to be the leading figure of flemish expressionism.permeke was born in antwerp . when he was six years old the family moved to ostend . his father was curator of the municipal museum of arts . permeke went to school in bruges from 1903 until 1906 . in 1906 he was drafted into the belgian army . after his military service ended in march 1908 , permeke returned to ostend . he roomed together with another artist , gustave de smet . in 1909 he returned to latem where he lived as a recluse . in 1912 permeke married maria delaere and the newlyweds settled in ostend.when world war i started , permeke was in the defense of antwerp . he was wounded in action near the town of duffel . his wounds forced him to be evacuated to the united kingdom . in 1916 he moved to chardstock in devonshire and started painting again , mostly colorful english landscapes . after the end of the war , the permeke family returned to ostend in 1919 . in 1921 permeke was able to exhibit his work in antwerp and in paris . between 1922 and 1924 , permeke regularly went to astene . in 1926 permeke went to vevey in switzerland where he mainly painted mountain scenes . in 1929 he moved to jabbeke . starting in 1937 permeke tried his hand at sculpting as well.during world war ii , permeke was forbidden to paint by the german occupiers . his art was seen by them as " entartete kunst " . his son paul was arrested and sent to germany as a forced labourer . after the war , permeke was made director of the royal academy in antwerp . he only worked there one year . in 1948 his wife died . emotionally scarred and ailing , permeke had to be nursed by his daughter.constant permeke died 4 january 1952 . he was buried next to his wife at the cemetery in jabbeke . a statue which permeke had commissioned by his friend george minne was placed on the grave of his beloved wife.in 1997 , belgium recognized permeke by dedicating the 1,000 franc bill to him and his work . the bill was used until belgium started using the euro in 2002 .
bubo is a genus of large owls . it includes the eagle - owls ( old world ) and the horned owls ( the americas ) . this genus contains about one or two dozen species of typical owls ( family strigidae ) and is found in many parts of the world . some of the largest living strigiformes are in " bubo " . traditionally , only owls with ear - tufts were included here , but that is no longer the case.mitochondrial dna ( mtdna ) cytochrome " b " sequence data supports the decision to put the snowy owl , an eagle - owl adapted to arctic conditions , into " bubo " . the fish - owls in the genus " ketupa " , and the " scotopelia " fishing owls , are also closely related . they might be moved into " bubus " , but that would make the genus rather large . as it is some of these owls , like verreaux 's eagle - owl , are not studied enough . more research is needed .
seamus frederick mallon ( ; 17 august 1936 – 24 january 2020 ) was an irish gaelic footballer and politician . he was deputy first minister of northern ireland from 1998 to 2001 and deputy leader of the social democratic and labour party from 1979 to 2001 . he also was a seanad éireann in 1986 and mp from 1986 to 2005 . mallon was born in markethill , northern ireland . he studied at st mary 's university college , belfast.he first played club football for middletown during the 1950s then with keady dwyers , queen 's university and crossmaglen rangers.mallon died in markethill , county armagh , ireland on 24 january 2020 of cancer , aged 83 .
max berrú ( june 5 , 1942 – may 1 , 2018 ) was a ecuadorian - chilean singer and musician . he was one of the two founders of inti - illimani and sang the band 's famous song " viva chile ! " . he was born in cariamanga , loja province.president ricardo lagos awarded him with the " orden al mérito docente y cultural gabriela mistral " in 2002 . he owned a restaurant called " mitad del mundo " ( " middle of the world " ) , in reference to his ecuadorian origins.berrú died in santiago de chile on may 1 , 2018 of multiple myeloma at the age of 74 .
condor is the name for two species of new world vultures . each is the only species in its genus . they are the largest flying land birds in the western hemisphere . they are : condors are part of the family cathartidae , whereas the 15 species of old world vultures are in the family accipitridae , that also includes falcons , hawks , and eagles . the new world and old world vultures evolved from different ancestors.condors are scavengers . they feed on carrion ( dead animals ) . their distinctive bare heads are an adaptation to their feeding method . it helps to keep them clean as they feed inside a carcass.the andean condor has a wingspan of between 274 and 310 cm , and weights around 11 – 15 kg . the california condor is smaller .
rodney stephen hull ( 13 august 1935 – 17 march 1999 ) was an english comedian . he was a popular entertainer on british television in the 1970s and 1980s . he is best known for his puppet emu , a mute , very aggressive arm - length puppet modelled on the australian flightless bird , the emu . with emu , he appeared notably on " parkinson " , " the tonight show starring johnny carson " and " royal variety show " . hull was born on the isle of sheppey , kent . he lived in australia between 1956 and 1971 . he had six children.on 17 march 1999 , hull died from a serious skull fracture and chest injuries . he climbed onto the roof of his bungalow , in winchelsea , east sussex , to correct his television aerial . he slipped from the roof and fell through the home 's greenhouse . he was dead on arrival at a hospital in hastings . he was 63 . his death was ruled an accident .
avanti west coast is a british train operating company . it operates the west coast partnership franchise and has done since 8 december 2019 , where it took over from virgin trains.the company is owned by scottish - based company firstgroup and italian company trenitalia . " avanti " means " forward " in italian.they currently operate services mainly up the west coast main line . these services are between london , england 's capital city , and various other towns and cities around great britain . these include direct trains to manchester , liverpool , birmingham , glasgow , edinburgh , wolverhampton , shrewsbury , chester and blackpool . they also operate services between london and holyhead , wrexham or bangor in north wales.there are currently plans for future services to walsall , llandudno junction and the village of gobowen in shropshire from 2022 . journeys with avanti are very popular with commuters as the trains do not call at every station and only stop at some stations along their route . however , due to this , tickets for travel with them can be expensive .
everett lee ( born august 31 , 1916 ) is an american conductor and violinist . he was the first african - american to conduct a broadway musical . he was also the first african - american to conduct a performance by a major us opera company . in september 1945 , he became the main conductor of the musical " on the town " . he later conducted at tanglewood . he served as director of columbia university 's opera department in the early 1950s . lee was born in wheeling , west virginia . in 1927 , he moved with his parents to cleveland , ohio . he married sylvia olden lee in 1944 . the couple later divorced . he later married his second wife . he lives in sweden . he turned 100 in 2016 .
miele is a german manufacturer of domestic appliances , commercial equipment and fitted kitchens . its headquarter is in gütersloh , germany . the company was founded in 1899 by carl miele and , and has always been a family owned and run company.miele is notable . it exports to 47 countries , and especially to the usa , where its corporate headquarters is in princeton n.j . the company has won awards . miele was recognized as best company and also achieved a top - five place in the category best product brand . miele was honoured as best domestic appliance brand in the uk by which ? in 2007 and again in 2008 , being only one of two brands to win twice in a row . they won again in 2010 . it competes against brands such as küppersbusch , gaggenau , fagor , viking range , dacor , asko , jenn - air , and thermador.miele 's slogan in german is " immer besser " which literally translates to " always / continuously better " .
princess charlotte of cambridge ( charlotte elizabeth diana ; born 2 may 2015 ) is a member of the british royal family . she is the daughter of prince william , duke of cambridge , and catherine , duchess of cambridge . she is the granddaughter of charles , prince of wales . she is the great - granddaughter of queen elizabeth ii . she was born at st mary 's hospital in paddington , london . her mother 's pregnancy was announced on 8 september 2014 by clarence house . from birth , she was the fourth in line to succeed the queen , elizabeth ii , after her grandfather , father , and older brother , prince george of cambridge . she is the first member of the royal family born after the change to the law on 26 march 2015 which removes gender from consideration in succession . meaning she is higher in the line of succession than her younger brother , prince louis , the first time a female royal has been in that position .
the bleating tree frog ( " litoria dentata " ) is a frog from australia . it lives in new south wales and queensland.this frog lives in lagoons and swamps not far from the ocean and sometimes in forests . it has a very loud call similar to that of a cicada.this frog grows to about 4.5 cm in length . it has a flatter body than most frogs . during the day , it hides under stones or pieces of treebark but sometimes in human - made objects . human beings sometimes pick it up without knowing and move it from place to place while it is hiding in pipes or flowerpots.this frog lays eggs in temporary bodies of water . the eggs float on top of the water . the tadpoles grow into frogs quickly so they do not die when their homes dry up .
uy scuti is a red supergiant ( rsg ) or red hypergiant ( rhg ) star . it is a pulsating variable star in the constellation scutum and possibly the largest known star in the milky way galaxy . it is also one of the most luminous and well - known of its kind.the star has an estimated average median radius of 1,708 times that of the sun , or a diameter of 2.4 billion km ( 1.5 billion mi ; 15.9 au ) ; thus a volume 5 billion times that of the sun.it is about 2.9 kiloparsecs ( 9,500 light years ) from earth , so it is one of the nearest known hypergiants . if placed at the center of the solar system , its photosphere would engulf the orbit of jupiter . the radius is not known for certain , and may be larger than the orbit of saturn .
benjamin herschel babbage ( 1815 — 1878 ) was an english scientist , engineer and explorer . babbage was the son of the famous mathematician , charles babbage . he went to south australia to map the geography and the location of minerals.babbage was very thorough , and spent a lot of time making sure that his information was correct . he carried a lot of equipment , as well as four and half tonnes of food , enough to last 18 months in the desert . among his supplies he had 20 kilograms of chocolate and 5000 litres of water . he also took a flock of 150 sheep , which limited the speed the group could move . the government became frustrated with babbage 's slow progress , they wanted to know about possible farm lands and valuable minerals as soon as possible . eventually babbage was removed from the job and replaced by major peter warburton.babbage later helped on the planning for the australian overland telegraph line . he was interested in growing grapes and retired to his large vineyard at st.marys . he died on 20 october 1878 , and is buried at st.marys .
the ugar ( " brzica " until 1878 : ) is a river of bosnia and herzegovina . it is a tributary of the vrbas river.the ugar 's length is around 44.5 kilometres . its drainage basin is around 328 km . its largest right tributaries are : pljačkovac , ilomska , kobilja , zirin potok and kusin potok ( ziro 's and kuso 's creeks ) . the left tributaries are the creeks : namely lužnica potok , dedića potok , andrijevića potok , bunar , oraški potok , and kukavički potok.it starts at the slopes of vlašić , upstream of sažići and melina villages . this is around 1590 meters above sea level . it is a watershed area of vrbanja , ilomska and bila rivers . its discharge is
the solo concerto is a concerto that includes a single soloist , with accompaniment from the entire orchestra . it originated in the baroque period , and remained throughout the years to be popular among many composers . although it is not true for many solo concerti , it could be said that the genre typically has three movements , the first and the last being fast - paced and lively , broken up by a more lyrical , slower second movement.giuseppe torelli was one of the first composers to write solo concerti , written in 1698 ; however vivaldi could be credited to making the three - movement form as typical of this genre . later , handel wrote many solo concerti for different types of soloist , as before then they had mainly been only for violin.the classical period then used solo concerti to great effect , and developed to make the solos more virtuosic . many of beethoven ’s and mozart ’s more famous works were solo concerti.the early romantic period had many solo concerti , written by well - known composers such as mendelssohn , and were not too different from those of the classical era . however , later in this period , the solos became even more virtuosic , meaning that only brilliant players could ever play them . along with this , the structures and textures became denser , helped by the excessive size that was commonplace during the era.finally , 20th century music carried on the rich works of the romantic era . however , when neoclassic genres came about , many classical - style solo concerti were written once again .
the gnu image manipulation program , or gimp , is a free software picture maker.it is often used for making logos , making photographs bigger or smaller , changing colours , making many pictures part of one picture , making pictures nicer to look at , and changing file formats.gimp is often used as a free software alternative for the most popular adobe photoshop , but it is not made to be an adobe photoshop clone . gimps mascot is named wilber.gimp was started in 1995 by spencer kimball and peter mattis and is now taken care of by a group of volunteers as part of the gnu project . the newest version of gimp is v. 2.8 and it was available since march 2009 . gimps license is the gnu general public license , so gimp is free software .
jesús " jess " franco ( jesús franco manera ; 12 may 1930 – 2 april 2013 ) was a spanish movie director , screenwriter , cinematographer , and actor . his career began in the 1961 movie " the awful dr. orloff " . he was known for his movies " necronomicon " ( 1967 ) , " ninety - nine women " ( 1968 ) and two christopher lee movies , " the bloody judge " and " count dracula " . franco was born on 12 may 1930 in madrid , spain . he was married to linda romay from 2008 until his death 2013 . they had no children . franco died on 2 april 2013 in his home in málaga , spain from a stroke , aged 82 .
freundel jerome stuart pc qc mp ( born 27 april 1951 ) is a barbadian politician who was the seventh and former prime minister of barbados and leader of the democratic labor party from 23 october 2010 to 21 february 2013 ; and from 21 february 2013 to 25 may 2018 . he succeeded david thompson , who died in office on 23 october 2010 from pancreatic cancer . he is a member of the democratic labour party ( dlp ) and represents the saint michael south constituency.biography ( personal life and education ) stuart was born in saint philip , barbados . he is the father of one daughter.an alumnus of the christ church foundation school , stuart is graduate of the university of the west indies and holds degrees in political science and law . he is a lawyer and his practice encompasses criminal and corporate lawin 1974 , stuart officially joined the ministry of education and became a teacher in princess margaret secondary school.he has supported several community organisations and sponsors the dayrells united achievers community club and the notre dame sports club.political careerstuart entered and officially joined the democratic labour party in 1970 and served in the senate of barbados until 1994 . he emtered elective politics in 1994 and stood as a candidate under the democratic labor party for saint philip , barbados in the 1994 barbadian general election , which he won.the democratic labour party lost the 1994 barbadian general election but he became a member of parliament for st. philip south.stuart was elected as first vice - president of the democratic labour party and deputy leader of the opposition under opposition leader , david thompson in 1995 . stuart was also appointed in 1995 as shadow deputy prime minister , shdaow attorney general and shdaow minister of home affairs by david thompson to serve in his shadow cabinet of david thompsonin 2004 , stuart was elected as the leader and president of the democratic labour party ( barbados ) in a leadership election which was held in the party headquarters in george street . stuart narrowly defeated then dlp leader and president , clyde mascoll but remained as deputy leader of the opposition.after the democratic labor party ( barbados ) won the 2008 barbadian general election , stuart was appointed as deputy prime minister , attorney general and minister of home affairs by prime minister david thompson ( barbadian politician ) to serve in his cabinet . stuart served in those three positions until may 2010.7 th prime minister of barbadosstuart served as acting prime minister of barbados since may 2010 when prime minister david thompson ( barbadian politician ) became ill with pancreatic cancer . adriel brathwaite succeeded stuart in the positions he then held , namely attorney general and minister of home affairs . thompson died on 23 october 2010 . leaders of the democratic labor party held an emergency meeting at the party ’s headquarters in george street in bridgetown on the morning of thompson ’s death , during which stuart was chosen as the next prime minister.stuart was sworn in as the 7th prime minister of barbados and minister for national security , the public service and urban development the same day by governor general clifford husbands.in 2011 , stuart was appointed as a member of the un global panel on sustainability.stuart won his first election as prime minister on 21 february 2013 , defeating barbados labour party challenger ( for his consituncy ) noel lynch.on 24 january 2014 stuart became a member of the privy council of the united kingdom which bestowed him the title of “ right honourable ” . stuart had announced changes for barbados including his intention to turn barbados into a republic and replace the queen of barbados with a ceremonial president as head of state . on 22 march 2015 , stuart told a meeting of his democratic labour party ( barbados ) : “ we can not pat ourselves on the shoulder at having gone into independence ; having decolonized our politics ; we can not pat ourselves on the shoulders at having decolonised our jurisprudence by delinking from the judicial committee of the privy council and explain to anybody why we continue to have a monarchical system . therefore , the right excellent errol barrow decolonized the politics ; owen arthur decolonized the jurisprudence and freundel stuart is going to complete the process.the genaral secretary of the democratic labour party , george pilgrim , confirmed the move and said that it is expected to coincide with the 50th anniversary of barbadian independence in 2016 . according to pilgrim , the change will be implemented through a bill that will be presented to the parliament of barbados.according to the country ’s constitution , a two - third majority in parliament , both in the house of assembly of barbados and the senate of barbados must have a two - third of the ruling party.in the event that barbados becomes a republic , it will still retain its membership of the commonwealth of nations but the queen of barbados will be replaced in her presence with a ceremonial president as head of state . the position of governor - general of barbados will also be dissolved .
don carlos ( ) is a historical tragedy in five acts by friedrich schiller . it was written between 1783 and 1787 . the main person in the play is carlos , prince of asturias.the play is about historical events in the 16th century under the reign of king philip ii of spain.the play was very different from the earlier ones that schiller had written . it was written in iambic verse . it is a story about intrigue and misunderstanding.in the play , don carlos loves his father 's wife elisabeth . the queen 's lady - in - waiting eboli loves carlos . in the end , the inquisition deliver a death sentence on carlos.several operas have been composed on the basis of the play , including " don carlos " ( also known as " don carlo " ) by giuseppe verdi .
sir joshua reynolds ra frs frsa ( 16 july 1723 – 23 february 1792 ) was an english painter of portraits . he helped to start the royal academy of arts and was its first president . king george iii made him " sir " joshua reynolds in 1769 . some critics disliked reynolds and the royal academy . the pre-raphaelites called him " sir sloshua " and william blake published a savage pamphlet " annotations to sir joshua reynolds ' discourses " in 1808 . on the other hand , turner was a strong supporter , and asked to be buried at reynolds ' side.reynolds has over 1000 portraits in the national portrait gallery , london . despite blake 's criticisms , reynold 's " discourses " had a lasting impact on the theory and practice of art .
in law a brief is a formal written argument submitted to a court . it is in a format required by that particular court system . in civil law a brief generally contains the legal arguments in a lawsuit . in a criminal procedure briefs involve the state prosecuting one or more defendants for breaking one or more laws . in general , briefs contain references to the statutes , legal precedents and arguments applied to the facts for this particular case . when an attorney writes a brief , they are implicitly promising to give the court good reasons for ruling in favor of their client.an appellate brief is a brief prepared for an appellate court . an " amicus curiae " , literally a " friend of the court " , is a third party not involved in the case but who has a strong interest in the case . they may ask the court 's permission to file an amicus brief in support of one of the parties .
gene barry ( eugene klass ; june 14 , 1919 – december 9 , 2009 ) was an american actor . he was known for his roles in " the atomic city " ( 1952 ) , " the war of the worlds " ( 1953 ) , and " bat masterson " ( 1958 - 1961 ) . barry was born on june 14 , 1919 in new york city , new york to a jewish - russian family . he studied at chatham square school of music . barry was married to betty claire kalb from 1944 until her death in 2003 . they had three children , one adopted.barry died on the morning of december 9 , 2009 from heart failure in his home in woodland hills , california , aged 90 .
topfreedom is a concept of rights . topfreedom applies to women . it means the freedom to go topless ( without wearing any clothing above the waist ) in a public place.there are many organizations which advocate topfreedom . topfree equal rights association ( tera ) is one such organization . go topless day is a special day in august . in this day , women are told to go topless in public.in the united states , each state has its own laws . the new york state supreme court said that women can go topless in public . later , the police arrested a woman ( in 2005 ) in new york city for walking along a street without wearing a shirt . she sued ( started a court case against ) the city for violating the new york state supreme court rule that women can go topless in public . the city finally paid her $ 29,000 because she was right and the police were wrong.in three provinces in canada ( ontario , manitoba and british columbia ) women can be topless in public . however there are sometimes city laws saying women can not be topless in city parks . law professors say women probably can be topless in public in the other provinces , but nobody knows for sure . the question has not been decided by the supreme ( national ) court of canada .
de revolutionibus orbium coelestium ( " on the revolutions of the heavenly spheres " ) is great work of the renaissance astronomer nicolaus copernicus ( 1473 – 1543 ) . the book , first printed in 1543 in nuremberg , holy roman empire of the german nation , offered proof that the earth went round the sun , and not vice versa , as had been thought.this was an alternative model of the universe to ptolemy 's earth - centered system , which had been accepted since ancient times.copernicus had worked his ideas out many years before , but was afraid to publish , fearing the anger of the roman catholic church . finally , the book was published just before he died .
the festival of nine lessons and carols is a form of church service used at christmas in the anglican church . there are nine lessons ( readings ) and between each reading there is a carol sung , either by the choir on its own or by the whole congregation . the story is told from the beginning of the bible in which adam disobeys god , to the coming of the baby jesus.the form of the service was started by edward white benson who was bishop of truro in cornwall , for use on christmas eve ( 24 december ) 1880 . the service is now used by other churches all over the world , not just in anglican churches , but also in some roman catholic and lutheran churches . in the uk , the service has become the standard form for schools ' christmas carol services.the best - known nine lessons and carols service is the one held in king 's college , cambridge every christmas . the choir carols are sung by the famous choir . this service has been broadcast by the bbc for more than half a century .
merry christmas with love is clay aiken 's first christmas album . it was released by rca records on november 16 , 2004 . it was certified platinum and was recognized by " billboard " as the best - selling christmas / holiday album of 2004 and the best - selling christian album of 2005 . the album was re-released on august 18 , 2009 on the sony label . " merry christmas with love " debuted at number four on the u.s. " billboard " 200 chart with about 270,000 copies sold . this was its highest position on the chart . by the end of 2004 , around 1,004,000 copies of the album had been sold.the album set a new record for fastest - selling holiday album , since soundscan began in march 1991 . it tied céline dion 's record for the highest debut by a holiday album in the history of " billboard " magazine.on january 6 , 2005 , " merry christmas with love " was certified platinum by the recording industry association of america for shipments of one million copies in the u.s . going into the 2010 christmas season , 1,416,000 copies had been sold in the u.s. and 2 million worldwide .
patnitop or patni top , is a hill top tourist location in udhampur district on the national highway 1a , on the way from udhampur to srinagar . it is located in the shiwalik belt of the himalayas , and is in jammu and kashmir , kashmir . the river chenab flows close to this location.origin of the name patnitop is a distortion of the original name of " patan da talab " meaning " pond of the princess " . in olden times a pond existed in the meadows and the kings princess often used to have her bath there . part of the pond still exists near the youth hostel.the britishers probably could not get the name correctly in their revenue records , and over the years it changed from " patan da talab " to patnitop .
arnaldo pagliarini lerma ( november 18 , 1950 – march 16 , 2018 ) was an american writer and activist . he was a former scientologist , and critic of scientology . he appeared in television , media and radio interviews . lerma was the first person to post the court document known as the fishman affidavit , including the xenu story , to the internet via the usenet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology . he was a strong critic of l. ron hubbard . he was born in washington , d.c. . lerma committed suicide by shooting himself on march 16 , 2018 in alexandria , virginia after shooting his wife in the face with a 9 mm handgun . he was 67 years old .
neon trees is an american alternative rock band from provo , utah . neon trees has four members in the band ; the current band members are tyler glenn , chris allen , branden campbell and elaine bradley.the band was formed in 2005 by band members and neighbours at the time ; tyler glenn and chris allen . the bands name originates from the lighted trees on the in - n - out burger signs.they released an ep titled " " start a fire " " in 2009 and it was limited to one pressing of 600 units and was only available for sale at shows in their late 2009 . they released their debut album " " habits " " on march 16 , 2010 , under mercury and def jam recordings . they are currently signed to mercury records and def jam recordings . they released their second studio album " " picture show " " on april 17 , 2012 . they released their third album , " pop psychology " , on april 22 , 2014 .
gerald hatten " jerry " buss ( january 27 , 1933 – february 18 , 2013 ) was an american businessman , poker player , real estate investor , and chemist . buss was the owner of the basketball team the los angeles lakers from 1979 until his death in 2013 . buss was born on january 27 , 1933 in salt lake city , utah . he studied at the university of wyoming and at the university of southern california . buss was married to joann mueller until they divorced . they had four children . then he was married to karen buss until his death in 2013 . they had two children . buss died on february 18 , 2013 from cancer and kidney failure in los angeles , california , aged 80 .
kegon falls ( 華厳滝 " kegon no taki " ) is a waterfall in japan in nikkō national park in tochigi prefecture on the island of honshū . it is fed by lake chūzenji , which is the source of the oshiri river which flows through this waterfall . the waterfall is high . the kegon falls and nikkō national park are one of the most famous and popular places in japan . thousands of people visit each year.in 1927 , the kegon falls was recognized as one of the " eight views " which best showed japan and its culture in the shōwa period.the waterfall is also infamous for suicides , especially among japanese youth ( werther effect ) .
maxwell trowbridge " max " gail , jr. ( born april 5 , 1943 ) is an american actor . he has starred in stage , television , and movie roles . he most known for his role as detective stan " wojo " wojciehowicz on the television sitcom " barney miller " . gail was born in detroit , michigan . he was raised in grosse ile , michigan . gail studied at williams college and at university liggett school.gail 's first wife , willie bier , died of cancer in 1986 . they have a daughter , india . he married his second wife , nan in 1989 . they have two children , maxwell and grace . gail has a twin sister , actress mary gail.gail recently starred in the 2013 biopic movie " 42 " .
bradford interchange is one of two main railway stations in bradford , west yorkshire . the other is bradford forster square . it is a transport interchange in bradford , west yorkshire , england . it consists of a railway station and combined bus and coach station adjacent . the interchange was designed in 1962 . at the time it was hailed as a showpiece of european design when it opened in 1971 . it is served by the majority of bus services in the city centre . it is also served by national express . the railway station , which is one of two in the city centre , is served by northern rail . it is also the terminus for grand central services to kings cross railway station .
wikiversity is a free wiki website , a sister project of wikipedia , and run by the wikimedia foundation . it is used to help students learn , or teachers to teach . wikiversity develops learning resources on every subject which users are interested in . it has many links to other wikis with educational material like wikipedia and wikibooks.wikiversity started in 2006 . before that wikiversity was a part of wikibooks , the library of free textbooks . there are currently wikiversities in many different languages : czech , english , french , german , greek , japanese , italian , portuguese and spanish.wikiversity is the best way to develop a small wiki resource to learn your favorite topic if the information is from wikipedia or wikibooks . it is also a good place to use the mediawiki wiki tools.wikiversity resources are different from wikipedia because the user can begin research on the topic . wikipedia uses materials that are notable and not original research . wikiversity allows resources and articles developed among individual users . wikiversity users do n't have to share changes with other users . are used to write articles on your own.wikiversity beta is used to make new wikiversities . if users speak a language that needs a wikiversity , then wikiversity beta is where they make their resources .
cardboard is a heavy type of paper , notable for its stiffness and durability . it was first invented in china some time in the 15th century , and is used for a wide variety of purposes . one of its more common uses is as a packaging material.cardboard boxes were first produced commercially in 1817 in england . corrugated ( also called pleated ) paper was patented in england in 1856 , used as a liner for tall hats , but corrugated cardboard would not be patented and used as a shipping material until 20 december 1871 . the patent was issued to albert jones of new york city , new york for single - sided corrugated cardboard . jones used the corrugated cardboard for wrapping bottles and glass lantern chimneys . the first machine for producing large quantities of corrugated cardboard was built in 1874 by g. smyth , and in the same year oliver long improved upon jones ' design by inventing corrugated cardboard with liner sheets on both sides . this was now cardboard as we know it today.american robert gair was a brooklyn printer and paper - bag maker during the 1870s , and while he was printing an order of seed bags a metal ruler normally used to crease bags shifted in position and cut the bag . gair discovered that by cutting and creasing cardboard in one operation he could make prefabricated cartons . extending this to corrugated cardboard was a straightforward development when the material became available . by the start of the 20th century , corrugated cardboard boxes began replacing the custom - made wooden crates and boxes previously used for trade.the kellogg brothers first used cardboard cartons to hold their flaked corn cereal , and later when they began marketing it to the general public a heat - sealed waxed bag of " waxtite " was wrapped around the outside of the box and printed with their brand name . this marked the origin of the cereal box , though in modern times the sealed bag is plastic and is kept inside the box rather than outside.cardboard packaging has undergone minor changes in recent times due to the trend towards environmentalism . it is now common for cardboard to be manufactured with a large percentage of recycled fibers .
sulfite is an ion that is made of one sulfur atom and three oxygen atoms ; it has a charge of two minus . sulfite is made when sulfurous acid ( a solution of sulfur dioxide in water ) is deprotonated . salts containing the sulfite ion are called sulfites . sodium sulfite is an example . sulfites are weak reducing agents ; they can be oxidized to sulfates . they are used to preserve dried food . some people have allergies to sulfite in food , and it makes them sick . it contains sulfur in the +4 oxidation state . its chemical formula is so .
the accademia di belle arti di brera ( " academy of fine arts of brera " ) , also known as the accademia di brera or brera academy , is a state - run art school in milan , italy . its main building is the palazzo brera . the pinacoteca di brera , milan 's main public museum for art , is also located in the building . the palazzo brera was built in 1615 to designs by the milanese architect francesco maria richini ( 1584 – 1658 ) . the academy was founded in 1776 by maria theresa of austria . other important institutions were also housed in the palazzo brera during that time . these included an observatory , botanical gardens , science laboratories , a library , and the scuole palatine ( schools for philosophy and law ) . the pinacoteca di brera as been located in the building since 1806 . in 1891 , the first " triennale di belle arti " exposition was held at the academy . the exposition took place every three years . each exhibition had a special theme . the first one was devoted to new trends in the plastic arts . the exhibit included some of the first examples of italians painting in the pointillist style .
giza governorate is one of the governorates of egypt . its capital is the city of giza.it is on the west bank of the nile river opposite cairo . it includes a stretch of the left bank of the nile valley around giza . the governorate got a large stretch of egypt 's western desert , including bahariya oasis when the 6th of october governorate was merged into it on 14 april 2011 . the great pyramid of giza is one of the seven wonders of the ancient world and people come from all over the world each year to see it . it is in the giza pyramid complex . the giza governorate is also home to the great sphinx .
joelle joanie " jojo " siwa ( born may 19 , 2003 ) is an american dancer , pop singer , actress , and youtube personality . she is known for appearing for two seasons on " dance moms " and for her singles " boomerang " and " kid in a candy store " . siwa posts daily videos of her life on her youtube channels , " jojo siwa tv " and " it 's jojo siwa " . she was born in omaha , nebraska.in june 2019 , the fda issued a warning about dangerous levels of asbestos in a jojo siwa - branded cosmetics kit.jojo signed with nickelodeon in 2017 . she was in the movies " blurt ! " and " lip sync battle shorties " with nick cannon .
, formerly known as , is a broadcasting , restaurant , and observation tower in the city of tokyo , the capital of japan . it is located in the special ward of sumida , not far from the sumida river . the nearest train station is oshiage , which is on the toei asakusa line , tokyo metro hanzomon line , and railway lines operated by tobu and keisei.designed by the architects from nikken sekkei , a japanese company , the process of building the tower began in 2008 and was completed on 29 february 2012 . emperor akihito visited the tower in advance of its official opening , and the opening ceremony took place on 22 may 2012 . with a height of , the tokyo skytree is the tallest structure in japan . this height was chosen because it could be easily remembered . the figures 6 ( " mu " ) , 3 ( " sa " ) , 4 ( " shi " ) stand for musashi province , which is an old name of the region where the tower stands.it is the second tallest structure in the world after burj khalifa in dubai . it is also the tallest tower in the world , according to the council on tall buildings and urban habitat , because there is no space in the skytree for people to live or work in , unlike the burj khalifa.all of central tokyo can be seen from special viewing platforms at and . at night , it is lit up with different coloured lights .
a lawyer ( also called an " advocate " , " attorney " , " barrister " , " counsel " , " counsellor " , or " solicitor " ) is someone who practices law . a lawyer has earned a degree in law , and has a license to practice law in a particular area.if people have any problem regarding the law , they can contact a lawyer for advice . a legal problem is referred to as a case . a person can hire a lawyer to start a case against someone else , or to help with a case that has been started against them . if the case goes to court , the lawyer will represent their client in court . the lawyer will use their knowledge of the law to convince the court that the client is on the right side of the argument . lawyers also help people " settle out of court , " which means that both sides of the argument agree to a punishment ahead of time so that they will not have to go to trial.when a person is accused of a crime , the person has a defense lawyer to try to show they have not committed a crime . the lawyer arguing that they did do the crime is called the " prosecutor " . lawyers also prepare legal documents for their clients . examples : buying or selling property or making a will ( testament ) . certain lawyers ( called " commissioners of oaths " in england ) can take legally binding witness statements which can be presented to the court.lawyers work in different settings . some work by themselves , while some work in law firms . some lawyers work for hospitals and private companies . lawyers who work for private companies are usually called in - house counsel.lawyers generally charge a fee for the work that they do , but sometimes advice is offered freely , which is called " pro bono , " meaning " for the public good . " in many countries , if a person is accused of a crime and unable to pay for a lawyer , the government will pay a lawyer to represent them using tax money . [ see talk page . this page has uncorrected misinformation on it from 10 years ago ]
a coat of arms is a unique design painted on a shield . these designs may be inherited , meaning that they pass from a father to his children . in the middle ages , these designs were shown on real shields , but today they are usually only drawn or painted on the paper that makes them legal which is called a grant of arms . the grant of arms is usually allowed only when it is given by the government of a country or its agent . in england , this is called the college of arms and in scotland is called the lord lyon.coats of arms are normally issued for real people but nowadays lots of countries and businesses also have coats of arms . each symbol on the coat of arms will represent something that has an important meaning to that person , country or company .
pier gerlofs donia , 1480 - 1520 . he fought for the independence of friesland ( which is now part of the netherlands ) . he was an enormous man and was said to be well over 7 feet tall . donia was also known as grutte pier , which means " " big lad " " , in frisian language , or grote pier , which means the same in dutch language . he also was a pirate . this great man fought against the people from holland , germany , and the burgundians . in his biggest battle at sea he captured 28 ships , and he killed all 500 men who had been taken prisoner . " big lad " was then called the " cross of the dutchman " . according to legend , pier forced his captives to repeat a shibboleth to show which people were frisians and who were dutch and low germans : or , in english translation : those prisoners who could not answer this in proper frisian had their heads cut off by donia himself . pier was also noted for his ability to behead several people with a single blow . this meant he could kill many enemies at the same time during battle , and gave him an excellent advantage over his opponents . his famous fighting skills proved their worth in many battles.one legend with could well be true is that pier could bend a coin between his fore finger and thumbdespite his many successes , pier could not defeat the burgundian / hapsburg armies . he retired disillusioned in 1519 . he died peacefully in bed in the frisian town of sneek on october 28 in the year 1520 . his last words were spoken to his life - time enemy , the count of nychlenborch . he was asked by the count were he wanted to go after he died , to which pier replied " " nea myn heer ta " " ( " " to my lord " " ) . he then died . after the " giant of kimswerd " ( another nickname ) died , friesland never again earned its freedom . it has remained a province of the netherlands.he was the uncle of the warrior wijerd jelckama .
melaleuca leucadendra is a tree known as the weeping paperbark . it belongs to the " melaleuca " genus . it is found in the northern parts of australia ( western australia , the northern territory and queensland ) . it is also found further north in the solomon islands and in new guinea . " melaleuca leucadendra " is similar to the broad - leaf paperbark ( " melaleuca quinquenervia " ) , which has a thick spongy bark . however , " m. leucadendra " has brighter greenfoliage a slightly weeping habit . " melaleuca leucadendra " also has the common name ' cajuput tree ' , from the malay word " kayu putih " – meaning " white wood " . cajuput oil can be got from its leaves .
edward vincent " eddie " bracken ( february 7 , 1915 – november 14 , 2002 ) was an american movie , television , stage , radio , voice actor , and comedian . he was known for his roles in " the miracle of morgan 's creek " , " fun on a week - end " , " baby 's day out " , " " , and in " we 're not married ! " . bracken was born on february 7 , 1915 in queens , new york . he was married to connie nickerson from 1939 until her death in 2002 . they had five children . bracken died on november 14 , 2002 in glen ridge , new jersey after going into surgery , aged 87 .
the addams family is an american horror / black comedy sitcom based on the characters from charles addams ' " new yorker " cartoons.the show starred carolyn jones as morticia addams , john astin as gomez addams , jackie coogan as uncle fester addams , ted cassidy as lurch , blossom rock as grandmamma addams , lisa loring as wednesday addams and ken weatherwax as pugsley addams.the 30 - minute television series was created by david levy and donald saltzman and shot in black - and - white , airing for two seasons on abc from september 18 , 1964 , to april 8 , 1966 , for a total of 64 episodes.the show is also known for its opening theme , which was composed and sung by vic mizzy .
terrapins are turtles that live in brackish water . they are named for the diamond pattern on their shells . they eat mollusks , crabs , and fish . terrapins are sexually dimorphic . females are much larger than males . males range between 4 and 5 inches . females average nearly 7 inches . the largest terrapin on record was a female measuring 9 inches.a terrapin is one of several small species of turtle living in fresh or brackish water . terrapins do not form a taxonomic unit , and may not be related . many belong to the families geoemydidae and emydidae.the name " terrapin " is derived from " torope " , a word in the native american algonquian language that refers to the species , malaclemys terrapin . it appears that it became part of common usage during the colonial era of north america and was carried back to great britain . since then , it has been used in common names for turtles in the english language . in the uk , red - eared sliders are known as red - eared terrapins .
the arctic national wildlife refuge ( abbreviated anwr ) is in northeastern alaska . it was created to protect and keep the area 's wildlife and wilderness . some of these are polar bears , grizzly bears , grey wolves , and caribou . fish species include dolly varden , arctic char , lake trout and several kinds of salmon . there are at least 194 species of birds that visit or live here . the refuge totals 19,286,722 acres.in the ground under anwr is one of the last major oil reserves in the united states . there are debates on whether or not to allow oil drilling . those in favor have argued that removing the oil will make the u.s. less dependent on foreign supplies of oil . in the 1990s , the u.s. imported over half of the oil it used . anwr is also near the prudhoe bay oil field . it contains large oil deposits that are already providing oil . but , the refuge land is a fragile natural environment . the area proposed for oil drilling is also the calving grounds for the porcupine caribou herds .
lyn hancock is an award - winning australian - canadian photojournalist , wildlife photographer , and book author.she has raised numerous orphaned wild animals , including bears , cougars , eagles , puffins , raccoons , and seals ; her experiences while doing so have formed the basis of her 20 books , including " there 's a seal in my sleeping bag " , " there 's a raccoon in my parka " , " love affair with a cougar " , and " tabasco the saucy raccoon " . she has also written travel literature describing her experiences in the canadian north.the simon fraser university has awarded her one of the 2009 outstanding alumni awards for arts & culture .
army burn hall college ( abhc ) formerly burn hall school is a school and college in abbottabad , pakistan . in 1948 , a year after pakistan gained independence from the british empire , a few missionary fathers moved to abbottabad with a handful of students , from srinagar , kashmir , where the original school was , and founded a branch here . between 1948 and 1977 , the school was run by these missionary fathers and supervised by the board of education of the rawalpindi diocese of the church of pakistan . however , in 1977 the fathers were forcibly evicted by the pakistan army which took over the institution . they made several changes to the school and its spirit and mode of education , gradually bringing it into line with their own goals and objectives . since 1990 - 1991 , it is no longer a proper public school along the english model but a military - style graduate college , with separate branches for boys and girls .
bernhard rensch ( 21 january 1900 – 4 april 1990 ) was a german evolutionary biologist , and ornithologist who did field work in indonesia and india . he is probably best known as one of the architects of the modern evolutionary synthesis , which he popularised in germany . his work on the evolution of geographically isolated populations , and on evolution above the species level , contributed to the modern synthesis . he also worked extensively on animal behavior ( ethology ) . rensch 's education and scientific work was interrupted by service in the german military during both world war i and world war ii . his autobiography , published later in life , translates as ' life of a biologist in a turbulent century ' .
" never really over " is a song by american singer katy perry . the song was released on may 31 , 2019 , along with its music video . it is an electropop and dance - pop song . perry wrote the song with german dj zedd , dagny , dreamlab , hayley werner , gino barletta , michelle buzz , and jason gill , while zedd and dreamlab produced it . perry worked with zedd on their joint single , " 365 " , earlier in 2019 . the song is included on perry 's studio album , " smile " . patrick ryan of " usa today " called the song " an undeniable earworm that should prove to be a strong song - of - summer contender , " while adding that the song was perry 's " best new song in years . "
eroticism is the quality of sexual excitement . in other words , if something is sexually exciting , then it is said to be " erotic " . eroticism is an " erotic " feeling . it is named after eros , the ancient greek god of love.many types of things can be part of " eroticism " . things that make a person feel erotic ( sexually aroused or excited ) include the sight , touch , smell , and sound of another person . a person may feel erotic when they see or touch or smell , or hear someone that they love in a sexual way . they may also have erotic feelings about a person that they do not love , but who is sexually attractive to them.sometimes " eroticism " has nothing to do with another person . a person might feel erotic from watching a movie , looking at pictures in a magazine , listening to a piece of music , reading a story or article , or just thinking their own thoughts , or being aware of their own body .
sheila cameron hancock ( born 22 february 1933 ) is a british actress and author . she works mostly on stage . she won a laurence olivier award for " cabaret " . for her role in " entertaining mr sloane " ( 1966 ) she was nominated for a tony award . she also had roles in " " ( 1980 ) , " the winter 's tale " ( 1982 ) , " prin " ( 1989 ) and " sister act " ( 2010 ) . she appeared in the movie " the boy in the striped pyjamas " ( 2008 ) . hancock was born in blackgang on the isle of wight , england . her first husband , alec ross , died from oesophageal cancer in 1971 . she later married actor john thaw in 1973 . he also died from oesophageal cancer in 2002 . hancock is a breast cancer survivor .
tapestry is art made with threads . it is woven by hand on a vertical loom . it is weft - faced weaving . this means all the warp threads ( the ones that go up and down ) are hidden in the completed work . in normal cloth weaving both the warp and the weft threads can be seen.in this way , a colourful pattern or image is made . most weavers use a natural warp thread such as linen or cotton . the weft threads , which will be seen , are usually wool or cotton . they can also be made of silk , gold , silver , or other things.both craftsmen and artists have made tapestries . the ' blueprints ' on cardboard ( also known as ' tapestry cartoons ' ) were made by artists , while actual weaving of the tapestries was done by craftsmen .
brandon sanderson ( born december 19 , 1975 ) is an american fantasy and science fiction writer . he is best known for the cosmere universe , where most of his fantasy books are set ; and for finishing robert jordan 's fantasy series " the wheel of time " . sanderson was raised in lincoln , nebraska . he studied at brigham young university , where he received degrees in english literature and creative writing . in 2008 , sanderson started a podcast with author dan wells and cartoonist howard tayler called " writing excuses " with topics about creating and producing genre writing and webcomics.in 2016 , the american media company dmg entertainment bought the movie rights to sanderson 's entire cosmere universe .
john roxborough norman was a british ichthyologist . he was born in 1898 and died on 26 may 1944 in london.he started as a clerk in a bank . he was in the military during the first world war . he got rheumatic fever during this time , and had it his whole life . he entered the british museum in 1921 where he worked for charles tate regan ( 1878 - 1943 ) . from 1939 to 1944 , he was in charge of the natural history museum at tring . norman wrote " a history of fishes " ( 1931 ) and " a draft synopsis of the orders , families and genera of recent fishes " ( 1957 ) .
scooby - doo , where are you ! is an american cartoon mystery comedy series made by hanna - barbera for cbs . the series first episode aired on september 13 , 1969 , and aired until october 31 , 1970 . the series is about a group of characters made up of four teenagers — fred jones , daphne blake , velma dinkley , and shaggy rogers — and the title character , a great dane named scooby - doo . the group travel in a van named the mystery machine solving mysteries and in the end discovering that the criminal is a disguised person.the series starred don messick as scooby , casey kasem as shaggy , frank welker as fred , nicole jaffe as velma , and stefanianna christopherson and heather north as daphne .
collaboration is when people work with each other to complete a task . it involves co-operation and teamwork and the sharing of ideas , knowledge and skills to reach the same objective . the objective is usually creative in nature . most collaboration needs leadership or some kind of co-ordination , although responsibilities can be shared within an egalitarian group.each person plays a tightly or loosely defined role in the process of collaboration . for instance , to make a movie a writer , director , producer and actors are needed . there may also be a need for a costumer , a cameraman ( if the director can not do it all ) , an audio engineer , and a film editor if the project is big enough and the schedule tight enough .
santa maría de león cathedral , also called " the house of light " or the " pulchra leonina " is situated in the city of león in north - western spain . it is the third roman catholic cathedral to be built on the site of what was originally a roman bath . the first cathedral was built by king ordoño ii of león . it was probably built in the mozarabic style but was damaged in the 990s . the second cathedral was consecrated in 1073 . it was built in the romanesque style of architecture . the present gothic style cathedral was started in 1255 . it was completed about 50 years later . the cathedral has some of the finest examples of stained glass windows in all of europe .
echidna , the spiny anteater , is a monotreme that lives in australia and in new guinea . they are the living members of the family tachyglossidae.echnidas have a long , tube - like mouth with a sticky tongue , and they are also covered in spines . they have mammary glands , and lay eggs.the echidna has a method of protecting itself . with its long , sharp claws , they quickly dig a hole until only their spines are showing when they are hiding in the hole . the predator will not be able to get it without injuring itself on the spines.when there is a fire , the echidna will dig down out of reach of the fire .
" take this waltz " is a song by canadian singer - songwriter leonard cohen . it was originally released as part of the 1986 federico garcía lorca tribute album " poet in new york ( poeta en nueva york ) " and as a single.the song was later included in cohen 's 1988 studio album " i 'm your man " . the song 's lyrics are a loose translation , into english , of the poem " pequeño vals vienés " ( little viennese waltz ) by the spanish poet federico garcía lorca ( one of cohen 's favorite poets ) . the poem was first published in lorca 's seminal book " poeta en nueva york " . the song reached number one in spain in 1986 .
marc angéle vanderlinden or " marc van der linden " was born 4 february 1964 , in antwerp , belgium . he is a belgian former football player.he began his career at his team of sc merksem . in 1982 he played for royal antwerp . in 1989 , after seven seasons with the team , he moved to r.s.c . anderlecht . he then joined k.a.a . two years later he joined gent . in 1995 he moved to israel to play for hapoel ironi rishon lezion f.c . then he played for hapoel herzliya f.c . in 1997 he returned to his original club . van der linden continued to play for merksem until 2002 when he retired . he also played 19 times for the belgium national football team , scoring nine goals . van der linden also appeared in the 1990 fifa world cup .
lager norderney was a nazi concentration camp on alderney , in the channel islands , named after the east frisian island of norderney.the germans built four concentration camps on the island , subcamps of the neuengamme concentration camp ( in hamburg , germany ) . each subcamp was named after one of the frisian islands : " lager norderney " at saye , lager borkum at platte saline , lager sylt near the old telegraph tower at la foulère and lager helgoland , in the northwest corner of the island . 700 people died in the alderney concentration camps ( out of about 6,000 inmates ) . these were the only nazi concentration camps on british soil.it was organised by the schutzstaffel - ss - baubrigade i – which was first under supervision of the sachsenhausen concentration camp ; and since mid-february 1943 ran under the neuengamme camp in northern germany . it was used by the nazi organisation todt , a forced labour programme , to build bunkers , gun emplacements , air - raid shelters , and concrete fortifications . " norderney camp " housed european ( usually eastern but including spaniard ) and russian enforced labourers . the prisoners in " lager norderney " and " lager sylt " were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout alderney . " sylt camp " held jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp . the " borkum " and " helgoland " camps were " volunteer " ( hilfswillige ) labour camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the " sylt " and " norderney " camps . " lager borkum " was used for german technicians and volunteers from different countries of europe . " lager helgoland " was filled with russian organisation todt workers . ( for further information on alderney concentration camps , see " appendix f : concentration camps : endlösung – the final solution " ; " alderney , a nazi concentration camp on an island anglo - norman " ; . in 1942 , " lager norderney " , containing russian and polish pows , and " lager sylt " , holding jews , were placed under the control of the ss hauptsturmführer max list . over 700 of the inmates lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to germany in 1944 .
vino nobile di montepulciano ( in english lit . noble wine of montepulciano ) is a red wine with denominazione di origine controllata e garantita status produced in the vineyards in the town of montepulciano , tuscany , italy . the wine is made for the main part from the sangiovese grape varietal ( minimum 70 % ) , blended with canaiolo nero ( 10 % – 20 % ) and small add of other local varieties such as mammolo . the wine is aged in oak barrels for 2 years ; three years if it is a riserva . the wine should not be confused with montepulciano d'abruzzo , a red wine made from the montepulciano grape in the abruzzo region of east - central italy .
huỳnh công út , known professionally as nick ut ( born march 29 , 1951 ) is a vietnamese american photographer . he worked for the associated press ( ap ) . he won both the 1973 pulitzer prize for spot news photography and the 1973 world press photo of the year for " the terror of war " . the picture showed children running away from a napalm bombing during the vietnam war.his best - known photo , it features a naked 9 - year - old girl , phan thị kim phúc , running toward the camera from a south vietnamese napalm strike that mistakenly hit trảng bàng village instead of nearby north vietnamese troops.on march 29 , 2017 , he retired from ap .
the darwin – wallace medal is awarded by the linnean society of london for " major advances in evolutionary biology " . the medals have been awarded every 50 years , beginning in 1908 . that year marked 50 years after the joint presentation of papers by charles darwin and alfred russel wallace . these were " on the tendency of species to form varieties " ; and " on the perpetuation of varieties and species by natural means of selection " . the papers were both about natural selection as the main cause of evolution . the papers were presented to the linnean society of london on 1 july 1858 . wallace was one of the first to get of the medal . in his case it was made of gold , rather than the silver versions given to the six other medallists . however , in 2008 the linnean society announced that due to the continuing importance of evolutionary research , the medal will be awarded on an annual basis beginning in 2010 .
the shift key is a key on a computer keyboard . it is used to type capital letters ( like this : " abc " ) instead of lowercase ( " abc " ) . the shift key is also used to type with keys that have more than one symbol on them , such as the number keys and those for punctuation marks . in this case it is used to type the " upper " characters , that is , the symbol that appear above the other . the symbol below does not need the shift key to be pressed . on an english keyboard , these are some of the characters that need the shift key to be pressed down in order to type them : the way the shift key works is that it needs to be held down while the other key is pressed . because of this , there are usually two shift keys , on the left and right sides of the keyboard , and they are held down using one of the little fingers while the other finger presses the other key.instead of using the shift key , one can also use the caps lock or shift lock keys . this lets one type many uppercase letters at once without having to hold down the shift key all the time .
the seven bridges of königsberg is a historically famous problem in mathematics . leonhard euler solved the problem in 1735 . this led to the beginning of graph theory . this then led to the development of topology.the city of königsberg in prussia ( now kaliningrad , russia ) was set on both sides of the pregel river . it included two large islands which were connected to each other and the mainland by seven bridges.the problem was to find a way to walk through the city by crossing each bridge once and only once . the islands could not be reached by any route other than the bridges . every bridge must have been crossed completely every time . the walk need not start and end at the same spot . euler proved that the problem has no solution .
amaro rodríguez felipe y tejera machado ( 3 may 1678 , in san cristóbal de la laguna , tenerife - 14 october 1747 , in san cristóbal de la laguna , tenerife ) , more popularly known as amaro pargo , was a famous spanish corsair.he was noted for his commercial activities and for his frequent religious donations and aid to the poor . in his role as a privateer , he dominated the route between cadiz and the caribbean , on several occasions attacking ships belonging to enemies of the spanish crown ( mainly england and holland ) , earning recognition in his time as a hero and coming to be regarded as " the spanish equivalent of francis drake " . because of his service to the spanish crown and country , he was declared a caballero hijodalgo in 1725 and obtained certification of nobility and royal arms in 1727 . he felt a considerable devotion for sister mary of jesus de león y delgado , even financing his funeral and his grave . he made several donations with the aim of improving the lives of the poorest of tenerife , especially for the improvement of the living conditions of the inmates of the prison of san cristóbal de la laguna.his figure has been wrapped in a halo of romanticism that has related to piracy , hidden treasures and illicit romances . different authors have taken advantage of this mysticism that surrounds his figure to elaborate his novels . in addition , the video game company ubisoft sent a study on amaro pargo , emphasizing its physiognomy , facing its possible appearance in the video game .
the harpy eagle ( " harpia harpyja " ) is one of the largest eagles and most powerful birds of prey in the world . it is a magnificent meat - eater that lives in central and south american rainforests . it is colored black and white.this large eagle makes whistling and clicking calls . it is an endangered species because of the fragmentation and destruction of its habitat through logging , and also because of hunting.the harpy eagle mostly eats large mammals , including monkeys and sloths . it eats howler monkeys , pygmy sloths , capybaras ( the largest rodent in the world ) , foxes , capuchin monkeys , and some birds . its talons reach to 5 inches , more than 2 times the length of a grizzly bear 's claw .
sør - varanger ( northern sami : máttá - várjjat , " kven " : etelä - varenki , finnish : etelä - varanki , russian : сёр - вара́нгер ) is a municipality in finnmark county , norway . the administrative centre of the municipality is the town of kirkenes . other settlements in the municipality include the villages of bjørnevatn , bugøynes , elvenes , grense jakobselv , hesseng , jakobsnes , neiden , and sandnes . located west of the norway – russia border , sør - varanger is the only norwegian municipality that shares a land border with russia , with the only legal border crossing at storskog .
the stockholm bloodbath ( ) or swedish massacre ( 8 – 9 november 1520 ) was the mass killing of swedish nobility by the danish king christian ii ( 1481 – 1559 ) . denmark , norway and sweden were part of the kalmar union . there had been conflict in sweden between those who supported the union , and those who wanted independence . in 1520 christian ii had invaded sweden . the regent of sweden , sten sture the younger , was killed in battle . christian ii besieged stockholm for four months . when the city gave in , he made himself king and beheaded 82 leading swedes , including two bishops for heresy . the reason for heresy was the people of stockholm had replaced archbishop gustav trolle ; this was said to be a crime against the church . sture the younger 's body was dug up and burned at the stake . the killings made people so angry that he became known as " christian the tyrant " . he was chased out of sweden in 1523 .
a pistol is a handgun . the word may be used broadly to mean any handgun , or narrowly to mean only a magazine pistol , as distinct from a revolver.in a magazine pistol , the cartridges are in a magazine , which is a metal or plastic box . the magazine is usually inside the handle of the pistol . when the pistol is fired , the empty cartridge pops out , and the next one comes up into position . the magazine is spring - loaded so it pushes the next bullet into place as the empty cartridge is ejected . for that reason pistols are sometimes called " semi-automatic " . when the magazine runs out of cartridges , it can be reloaded by inserting more cartridges.the term has long been variously used . for example , in the american old west revolvers were used but were then ( and even today by some ) called pistols . the word " pistol " entered english before 1600 , from the french . at that time it usually meant a single - shot handgun .
arcturus ( or α boo , α boötis , alpha boötis ) of the constellation boötes is the brightest star in the northern celestial hemisphere . with an apparent magnitude of − 0.04 , it is the fourth brightest star in the night sky , after − 1.46 magnitude sirius , − 0.86 magnitude canopus , and − 0.27 magnitude alpha centauri.it is a relatively close star at only 36.7 light - years from earth , and , together with vega and sirius , one of the most luminous stars in the sun 's neighborhood.arcturus is a type k1 .5 iiipe orange giant star , with an absolute magnitude of − 0.30 . it has likely exhausted its hydrogen from the core and is now in its active red giant phase . it will continue to expand before entering the horizontal branch stage of its life cycle . the diameter of arcturus is around 40 million kilometers .
literature is a group of works of art made up of words . most are written , but some are passed on by word of mouth . literature usually means works of poetry and prose that are especially well written . there are many different kinds of literature , such as poetry , plays , or novels . they can also be put into groups through their language , historical period , origin , genre , and subject . the word " literature " comes from the latin word " learning , writing , grammar " . most of the earliest works were epic poems . epic poems are long stories or myths about adventures . " ramayana " and " mahabharta " , two indian epics , are still read today . " odyssey " and " iliad " are two famous greek poems by homer . they were passed down through speaking and written down around the 8th century bc.literature can also mean imaginative or creative writing , which is looked at for its artistic value .
the lutheran church – missouri synod ( lcms or missouri synod ) is a lutheran denomination in the united states . it has 2 million members . this makes it the second - largest lutheran group in the country . the lcms was organized in 1847 at a meeting in chicago , illinois . at first it was called the german evangelical lutheran synod of missouri , ohio , and other states ( ) . the lcms has congregations in all 50 u.s. states and two canadian provinces . more than half of its members are located in the midwest . it is a member of the international lutheran council . the lcms 's headquarters are in kirkwood , missouri.the current president has been matthew c. harrison since september 1 , 2010 .
the subset sum problem is an important problem of computer science . it can be stated as follows : given a set of integers , does any subset of them sum to zero ? for example , given the set { -7 , -3 , -2 , 5 , 8 } , the answer is " yes " because the subset { -3 , -2 , 5 } sums to zero . the problem is np - complete . it can be reformulated to the 3sat . an alternative statement of this problem is , given a set of numbers and an integer x determine whether or not there exist a subset that sums up to x.eg . given a set { 1 , 4 , 6 , 7 } and x = 10 the answer is " yes " because { 4 , 6 } sums to 10 . remember that the subsequence need not to be contiguous . for instance if x = 8 in above example the answer is still yes because { 1 , 7 } sums to 8 .
mallory hagan ( born december 23 , 1988 ) is an american beauty queen . she was crowned miss america 2013 . since 1989 , each contestant has to choose an issue she cares deeply about to promote . hagan chose increasing awareness and prevention of child sexual abuse . along with the crown she won a $ 50,000 college scholarship.hagen is originally from opelika , alabama . she came to new york from alabama when she was 18 years old . she had been competing in beauty contests since age 13 . hagen entered the miss new york contest in 2010 and 2011 . she won in 2012 . the last miss america from new york was vanessa williams in 1984 . hagen is the first miss america from brooklyn.with a concern for education , in her first 24 hours as miss america , hagan talked with united states secretary of education arne duncan .
the battle of leipzig or battle of the nations was a battle between napoleon i and his army and an allied force of several nations . it happened on october 16 - 19 in 1813 . napoeon ’s army had been defeated and depleted in the french invasion of russia . the french were also losing the peninsular war and retreating everywhere.being outnumbered , he attacked . his allies in the confederation of the rhine changed sides , and napoleon was defeated . it was the one of the largest battles before world war i . it involved about 600,000 soldiers , and the largest cavalry charge ever . it was part of the war of the sixth coalition . after this battle , and the later defence of paris ( 1814 ) , napoleon was taken to the island of elba .
campti is a small town in natchitoches parish , louisiana , united states . the population was 1,057 at the 2000 census . it is part of the natchitoches micropolitan statistical area . campti is a flat area of mostly farmland . it sets on the eastern bank of the red river . considerable cattle are also raised in the general area.lakeview junior and senior high school , a modern consolidated school structure housing pre-kindergarten and grades nine through twelve , is located east of campti on louisiana highway 9 . the school is 55 percent white in enrollment , but campti itself is some 75 percent african american in population . students from as far north as ashland attend lakeview.during the american civil war , union general a.j . smith , with two brigades , reached campti to assist admiral david dixon porter 's trapped gunboats on the red river there . smith and his men burned campti , which then contained only a few buildings and houses . the gunboats were returned safely upriver to grand ecore in natchitoches parish .
mneme or , is a non-spherical moon of jupiter . it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard , et al . in 2003 , and was designated s / 2003 j 21 . mneme is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 21,427,000 km in 640.769 days , at an inclination of 149 ° to the ecliptic ( 148 ° to jupiter 's equator ) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2214 . it was named in march 2005 after mneme , one of the three original muses . she is sometimes confused with mnemosyne , mother of the muses ( the three or the nine , depending on the author ) by zeus ( jupiter ) . mneme belongs to the ananke group , retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km , at inclinations of about 150 ° .
cryptosporidium is a protozoan parasite which causes outbreaks of diarrhea.a number of species of " cryptosporidium " can infect mammals . the most common species to infect man is " cryptosporidium parvum " . the diarrhea can become severe in children , and in people whose immune system is weakened . it is often found in hiv patients who have diarrhea . in healthy adults , the infection is usually brief.it is difficult to identify in the laboratory . the oocytes can be seen under a microscope , but they may be confused . most cryptosporidia are 3 - 6 μm in size , but some reports have described larger cells . new real - time monitoring can detect " cryptosporidium " better than the older spot testing and batch testing methods.if " cryptosporidium " is suspected in the water , the safest option is to boil water used for drinking .
yvonne jaqueline strzechowski ( born 30 july 1982 ) , better known by the stage name yvonne strahovski , is an australian actress . she is best known for playing cia agent sarah walker in the nbc television series " chuck " from 2007 until 2012 . she also appeared as hannah mckay in the showtime series " dexter " from 2012 until 2013 . her movie roles include " killer elite " ( 2011 ) , " the guilt trip " ( 2013 ) and " i , frankenstein " ( 2014 ) . she also played miranda lawson in the " mass effect " video games and cia agent kate morgan in " 24 " : " " . strahovski was born in werrington downs , a suburb of sydney , new south wales . her parents are polish immigrants from tomaszów mazowiecki . she speaks both english and polish . she is also a supporter of peta .
hyrax also called dassie is any of four species of fairly small , thickset , herbivorous mammals in the order hyracoidea , any of six species of small hoofed mammal ( ungulates ) native to africa and extreme southwestern asia.hyraxes are well - furred rotund creatures with a short tail . most measure between 30 – 70 cm long and weigh between 2 – 5 kg . hyraxes are mentioned in the old testament of the bible and it is possible that the hebrew word for hyrax ( " shafan " ) is the source of the name of present - day spain . even though hyraxes are not native to spain , rabbits are , and the theory states that early hebrew explorers considered the rabbits to be a variety of hyrax .
the united states marine corps ( also known as usmc ) is one of the six branches of the military of the united states in the united states department of defense . it was created in 1775 as a special maritime service . samuel nicholas founded it . he was the first commissioned officer in the corps . the birthplace of the marines is in philadelphia at the tun taven.although it is part of the u.s . naval service , it is a separate military branch with its own special ranking structure . it also has its own naval aviation.the marines have been involved in many conflicts , and had important roles in key battles such as tripoli , iwo jima , guadalcanal , and inchon bay . every marine receives infantry training to be ready for battle at all times . marine corps training is also known for being especially challenging ; at 13 weeks long , marine recruit training is the longest basic training of the six military branches . united states marines place a large emphasis on morale . this is reflected in their motto , " semper fidelis " ( meaning " always faithful " ) , often shortened to " semper fi " .
a prefix is a part of a word or a word , within a word . it is put at the start of another word to make a different meaning . it can also mean a number that is put in at the start to show which number something is in a group . it is a type of affix.compound nouns ( in other cases also compound adjectives ) . the following examples illustrate real prefixes.often people want to use a prefix to mean " not " . there are many prefixes that mean " not " . we also learnt the prefixes anti which means against and auto is used to mean self " or own " some examples of these prefixes : antisocial which means non socialanti glare which means it will prevent sun and light glare on a screenautograph which means a person 's signatureautopilot which means working by itselfother examples of prefixes : scientists and doctors use prefixes in many words.sometimes people make up words by adding a prefix . these words are not in a dictionary . but if people use these words enough , sometimes they go into dictionaries.for example , we can make the word " unsimple " , which splits up into " not simple " . this is not a word in a dictionary.compare to suffix . suffixes are letters put at the end of a word to change its meaning .
electromagnetic hypersensitivity ( ehs ) is a condition where a person feels unwell , which people who have it believe it to be due to being near electromagnetic fields . other names for it include electrohypersensitivity , electro - sensitivity , and electrical sensitivity ( es ) . wi - fi allergy is a form of ehs.according to the world health organization , ehs is described by vague symptoms that are different in each person . the symptoms are real and can be weak or strong and can make some disabled . there is no specific list of features to diagnose someone , and there is no scientific link between electromagnetic fields and how people feel . ehs is not a medical diagnosis . people who claim to have ehs blame it for headaches , fatigue , stress , sleep disturbances , skin symptoms like prickling , burning sensations and rashes , pain and ache in muscles and many other health problems . although electromagnetic fields can make the body hot , people who say they have ehs say they feel sick at very low levels.most experiments show that people who claim to have ehs ca n't correctly tell if they are near em radiation or not , and the medical and scientific communities do n't think its a real illness . several double - blind experiments suggest that people who say they have ehs ca n't detect if electromagnetic fields are present , and are just as likely to report feeling sick after a phony exposure as they are after real exposure , making scientists think it is the nocebo effect .
antonio isasi - isasmendi lasa ( 22 march 1927 – 28 september 2017 ) was a spanish movie director , producer , screenwriter and movie editor . he was born in madrid , spain . in the mid-1960s he directed a series of action movies designed for the wider european market including " scaramouche " ( " the adventures of scaramouche " ) in 1963 " and estambul 65 " ( " that man in istanbul " ) in 1965 . he made some english - language movies , most notably " they came to rob las vegas " . he directed 13 feature movies , wrote eleven and produced eight.in 1981 , he was the a member the jury at the 31st berlin international film festival.isasi - isasmendi died on 28 september 2017 in ibiza , spain at the age of 90 .
toledo is a city in ohio , usa . it was named after toledo , spain . it is a large industrial city , and has many factories that make things like car parts and glass . in 1835 and 1836 , ohio and michigan both claimed to own the city and surrounding territory . michigan gave up its claim and got the upper peninsula in exchange . toledo is about an hour from detroit , michigan . the main highways in and out of toledo are interstate 75 , interstate 90 , and u.s. 24 ( detroit boulevard , telegraph road ) . it is the 59th largest city in the united states.toledo 's manufacturing industry concentrates on automobiles and glass.toledo has a humid continental climate ( " dfa " in the köppen climate classification ) .
spetsnaz is an umbrella term ( used for many different things ) for special forces in russian language and is used in numerous post-soviet states.historically , the term meant a special operations units controlled by the main military intelligence service gru ( spetsnaz gru ) . it also describes task forces of other ministries ( such as the ministry of internal affairs ' odon and ministry of emergency situations ' special rescue unit ) in post-soviet countries . russian special forces wear different berets depending on the branch of the armed forces they belong to.as spetsnaz is a russian term , it mostly means the special forces of russia , but other post-soviet states often refer to their special forces units by the name as well , since these nations also got their special purpose units from the old soviet security agencies .
in france , the répertoire national des certifications professionnelles ( rncp ) has been created by article l. 335 - 6 of the " code de l'éducation " ( education code ) . the " répertoire national des certifications professionnelles " has for purpose to make available to individuals and businesses constantly update information on educational degrees and certificates on the lists established by the " commissions paritaires nationales de l'emploi des branches professionnelles " ( national commissions ) . it helps to facilitate access to employment , human resources management and mobility.certifications stored in the directory are recognized throughout the country.under the authority of the minister for vocational training , the " commission nationale de la certification professionnelle " establishes and updates the " répertoire national des certifications professionnelles " . it ensures the renewal and adaptation of diplomas.degrees are classified in the " répertoire national des certifications professionnelles " by field of activity and level . for this criterion , until the adoption of the new classification referred to in article 8 of decree of 26 april 2002 referred to above , diplomas are classified according to the " nomenclature des niveaux de formation " ( levels of training ) approved by decision of the permanent group of vocational training and social advancement .
emma lazarus ( 22 july 1849 - 19 november 1887 ) was an american poet and playwright of jewish origin.lazarus was one of seven children of moses and esther nathan lazarus . her father 's family came from portugal . she became interested in jewish tradition after reading " daniel deronda " by george eliot . she never married , although she was considered a pretty woman . emma lazarus died of hodgkin 's lymphoma.lazarus wrote many lyric poems . she used classic forms like rhyme royal and ottava rima ( in the cycle named " epochs " ) . she was especially good at writing sonnets . her best known work is the sonnet " the new colossus " . it was placed at the statue of liberty in new york . she also translated into english poems by romantic german poet henrich heine . as a journalist she always protested against any kind of discrimination .
" this is how we do " is a dance - pop song from american singer and songwriter katy perry . it comes off her fourth studio album " prism " ( 2013 ) . the song was released on august 11 , 2014 . it was the fifth and final single from the album . the remix has the rapper riff raff rapping on it . she wrote the song with longtime collaborators max martin and klas åhlund , who produced it.commercially , the song hit the top ten in canada and israel . it also hit the top 30 in the united states , sweden , venezuela , finland and scotland . it was certified platinum by the recording industry association of america for shipments of over one million copies in the us alone.the song is about perry 's hangout routine with her friends . the video has perry getting her nails painted and doing karaoke with her friends . perry was accused of cultural appropriation for wearing black cornrows . the video has received over 600 million views on youtube as of march 2018 .
the katiti aboriginal land trust is a land trust for a block of land in the southwest of the northern territory , australia . it was created through the katiti land claim in 1980 . the trust 's owners include pitjantjatjara , yankunytjatjara and luritja people . the block of land is officially referred to as northern territory portion 1818 . it borders the larger petermann land trust area and uluṟu – kata tjuṯa national park to the north and west , and two pastoral stations to the east and south : curtin springs and mulga park . the town of yulara is excluded from the land trusts , and sits between the katiti block and uluṟu – kata tjuṯa national park.the trust is named after katiti ( ) , a natural spring located about south of lake amadeus . this spring was first written about by baldwin spencer and francis james gillen . they visited it in 1894 on their way to uluṟu , and recorded the name " kurtitina " ( more accurately , " ) . the prospecting expedition led by lawrence wells visited the spring in 1903 , and herbert basedow marked it on his maps as " curtyteena " .
rhode island is the smallest state in the united states by area . the capital and largest city is providence . it is called the " ocean state " because of its bays and waterways.rhode island was one of the original thirteen colonies , and became a state ( the last of the thirteen to agree to the new united states constitution ) in 1790 . rhode island is bordered on the north and east by massachusetts , on the west by connecticut , and on the south by rhode island sound and the atlantic ocean . it shares a water border with new york . it is named for a large island in rhode island sound . rhode island was founded by roger williams for religious freedom . some thought the island looked liked rhodes , an island in greece . others did n´t . an executive order was signed by governor gina raimondo on june 22 , 2020 to remove " providence plantations " from the official state name due to its ties to slavery . raimondo stated the change would go into effect " as soon as practicable . "
tierra del fuego is an archipelago at the southern tip of south america . the magellan strait sepearates it from the south american mainland . the archipelago consists of a big island , isla grande de tierra del fuego and a number of smaller islands . the land area of the archipelago is 73.746 square kilometers . with about 47.000 square kilometers , isla grande takes roughly half of the total land mass . the archipelago ( and the main island ) is divided between argentina and chile . about 127.000 people live in the part belonging to argentina , about 8.000 in that belonging to chile . the argentine part is called tierra del fuego province , the chilenan part has the name magellanes . the biggest cities on the main island are rio grande , 57.000 people , and ushuaia in the argentine part , and porvenir with 5.700 inhabitants in the chilenan part . puerto williams , with 2300 people , is the most southern city in the world .
ottawa is the capital of canada and is part of the province of ontario . it is south of the ottawa river . in 2004 , there were about 808,391 people in the city . the region has about 1,146,790 people . the mayor of the city today ( since december 2010 ) is jim watson . ottawa is in the ottawa valley on the border with the province of quebec . ottawa is the fourth largest city in canada.when people talk about ottawa , they are sometimes using the name as an eponym meaning the highest government in canada , and not its local government or the city.the cities of ottawa , kanata , nepean , gloucester and vanier and the villages of manotick and rockcliffe park joined in the year 2000 to form the new city of ottawa . ottawa also includes orléans , which joined at that same time.the city began with the name bytown and became the city of ottawa in 1855 . the rideau canal ends in ottawa.ottawa has many museums , many buildings for the government of canada and many parks . there is a market area downtown.there are many festivals during the year including winterlude in february , the tulip festival in may , and bluesfest in the summer . there is also a large celebration on july 1st for canada day.the ottawa senators play ice hockey in an arena called the canadian tire centre .
a peafowl is a bird of the " phasianide " family . it is a relative of the pheasant.there are two species of peafowl : the asiatic peafowl ( " pavo " ) or the congo peafowl ( " afropavo congensis " ) . the congo peafowl is the only member of the pheasant family that originated outside asia.the male peafowl can have up to 150 brightly colored feathers on its tail coverts.for centuries peafowl have been admired for their beauty and hunted for their meat . recently peacocks have become more popular in parks and gardens.peacocks are large , colorful pheasants ( typically blue and green ) known for their iridescent tails . distinctive tail feathers .
awake is an american television crime drama . it originally aired on nbc for one season from march 1 to may 24 , 2012 . the main character in the show is michael britten ( jason isaacs ) , a detective who works for the los angeles police department . kyle killen created the series . killen is also an executive producer along with david slade , for " pilot . " jeffrey reiner and howard gordon continued with killen , under his teakwood lane productions label . on may 11 , 2012 , after eleven of the thirteen produced episodes were aired , the show was canceled . however , it still finished airing the remaining episodes in the original time slot . even though the series ' did not last very long , many people liked the series enough to create the " save " awake " " campaign to convince networks to revive the show .
songs in a minor is the first studio album by american singer alicia keys . it was released on june 5 , 2001 by j records . alicia keys was signed with colombia records after she graduated high school . she recorded an album in 1998 . colombia records did not like the album and did not release it . the contract with colombia records ended . this was because of a dispute with the label . alicia keys then signed a contract with clive davis . keys is a classically - trained pianist . she used her pianist talents to produced and arranged her music . the album was named " songs in a minor " . however , only one song " jane doe " is in the key of a minor.when the album was released , it was given positive reviews from music critics . most of the reviews praised keys mix of old school jazz and contemporary r & b and soul music . keys was compared to artists such as aretha franklin , stevie wonder , billie holiday , prince and lauryn hill . the album was given a lot awards . these include five grammy awards . " songs in a minor " debuted at number one on the " billboard " 200 chart . it sold 236,000 copies the first week . it has sold 6.2 million copies in the united states and 12,000,000 copies worldwide . " rolling stone " magazine named " songs in a minor " the second best album of 2001 . however , they list it at number 95 on its list of the best albums of the 2000s decade .
all planets in our solar system follow an elliptical path . this path is known as an orbit . earth 's orbit is not a perfect circle . if we were to draw the earth 's orbit on a sheet of paper as a perfect circle , the width of the line would be larger than the elliptical path of the earth.the earth 's orbit takes about 365 days , this is also called a year . this means that in 365 days ( a year ) the earth has gone around the sun . from this we can find that the orbital speed of the earth is about through space.the closest distance earth is to the sun , or perihelion , is and the farthest or aphelion is . it takes light ( or any other electromagnetic radiation ) just over eight minutes to travel from sun to earth.the seasonal changes on earth are because of the 23.44 ° axial tilt of its rotation and slightly elliptical path around the sun.the orbit varies over long periods of time according to the milankovitch cycles . these cycles are one of the main causes of climate change .
the flag of singapore consists of two horizontal halves , red above white . red symbolises universal brotherhood and equality of man ; white stands for pervading and everlasting purity and virtue . in the upper left corner , a white crescent moon and five white stars form a circle . the five stars stand for the ideals of democracy , peace , progress , justice and equality.for 140 years ( 1819 - 1959 ) , the union jack flew over singapore . then , on 3 december 1959 , the national flag was unveiled at the installation of the new head of state , the yang di - pertuan negara , when singapore was granted self - rule ( but not complete independence ) by the british government . also unveiled that day were the state crest and the national anthem . the flag was conceived and created by a committee headed by then deputy prime minister , dr toh chin chye .
kepler - 22b is an extrasolar planet orbiting ( going around ) g - type star kepler - 22 . it is located about 600 light years away from earth in the constellation cygnus . it was found by nasa 's kepler space telescope . it is also the first known planet to orbit within the habitable zone of a sun - like star.kepler - 22b 's first transit in front of its host sun was observed on kepler 's third day of scientific operations in mid-2009 . kepler - 22b 's third transit was detected in late 2010 . the spitzer space telescope provided more data that confirmed kepler - 22b 's transits . on december 5 , 2011 , the confirmation of the existence of kepler - 22b was announced .
wrestlemania ix was a professional wrestling pay - per - view show made by world wrestling federation ( wwf ) . it was held on april 4 , 1993 at caesars palace in las vegas , nevada . it was the ninth wrestlemania event held by the wwf.the main event saw yokozuna defeat bret hart to win the wwf championship . yokozuna won the match by pinfall after yokozuna 's manager mr. fuji threw salt in hart 's eyes . after the match , hulk hogan came down to the ring to check on hart . mr. fuji challenged hogan to face yokozuna in a impromptu match and hogan accepted . hogan won the match and the championship in 22 seconds after he hit yokozuna with the leg drop and pinned him.wrestlemania ix received negative criticism and was called a poorly booked event . john powell of slam ! wrestling said that other than the intercontinental and tag team championship matches and the women that accompanied lex luger to the ring , the rest of the pay - per - view was not good . he also did not like some of the outfits that were worn at the event , most notably jim ross 's toga and giant gonzalez 's spray - painted suit .
robert yale lary , sr. ( november 24 , 1930 – may 12 , 2017 ) was an american businessman , politician , and american football player.he joined the pro football hall of fame in 1979 and was also selected for the nfl 1950s all - decade team . he is also part of the texas a & m athletic hall of fame , the texas sports hall of fame , and the michigan sports hall of fame.lary played 11 seasons in the national football league ( nfl ) , all with the detroit lions , from 1952 to 1953 and from 1956 to 1964 , missing the 1954 and 1955 seasons due to military service.even before retiring from the nfl , lary served in the texas house of representatives , as a democrat , from 1959 to 1963 . lary died in the early morning hours of may 12 , 2017 in fort worth , texas at the age of 86 .
alain marie juppé ( ; born 15 august 1945 ) is a french politician . he was a member of the republicans . he was prime minister of france from 1995 to 1997 under president jacques chirac . he was president of the political party union for a popular movement ( ump ) from 2002 to 2004 and mayor of bordeaux from 1995 to 2004 . he was minister of defence and veterans affairs from 2010 to 2011 and minister of foreign affairs from 2011 to 2012 . he announced in 2015 his plan to run his party 's primary election ahead of the 2017 presidential election . he came in second place in the first open primary of the right and centre , and in the run - off , he lost to françois fillon .
tahiti is an island in the southern pacific ocean . it is part of the french polynesia . papeete is the capital and largest city . other major cities are faaa and mahina . about 169 674 people live there ( 2002 ) . the languages that are spoken in tahiti are french and tahitian which are both official . in tahiti ( in the society group ) – was claimed by the french in 1768 . the faaa international airport is the main way of transportation on the island . air tahiti nui is the main plane of the airport which flies to los angeles and paris . other planes fly to hawaii , japan , and other islands in the pacific ocean . air tahiti flies to other islands in french polynesia such as bora bora.coconut trees grow along the coast of tahiti .
geoffrey roy rush ( born 6 july 1951 ) is an australian actor who has won the academy and emmy awards , as well as several others . he was the first australian actor to win an academy award for acting.he has won one academy award for acting ( from four nominations ) , three british academy film awards ( from five nominations ) , two golden globe awards and four screen actors guild awards.he is the foundation president of the australian academy of cinema and television arts and was named the 2012 australian of the year.rush was born on 6 july 1951 in toowoomba , queensland . he studied at everton park state high school and at university of queensland . rush was raised in brisbane.in 1975 , rush went to paris for two years and studied mime , movement and theatre at the l'école internationale de théâtre jacques lecoq , before returning to continue his stage career with qtc . in 1979 , he shared an apartment with actor mel gibson for four months while they co-starred in a stage production of " waiting for godot " . rush is known for his roles in " shine " , " " , " shakespeare in love " , " " , " quills " , " finding nemo " , " " , and in " the king 's speech " . since 1988 , rush has been married to actress jane menelaus , with whom he has a daughter , angelica ( born 1992 ) , and a son , james ( born 1995 ) . geoffrey rush lives at camberwell station , camberwell , victoria .
joleon patrick lescott ( born 16 august 1982 ) is an english footballer who plays for manchester city and the england national football team . he is a defender who can play on the left or in the centre.lescott was born in birmingham . at 17 he began playing for the wolverhampton wanderers . in 2006 he was named in the championship team of the season . he also got the wolves ' player of the year award.lescott was sold to everton at the start of the 2006 – 07 season . on 8 may 2008 , lescott was voted everton 's player of the year and players player of the year.following the end of the 2008 – 09 season , manchester city tried to sign lescott . everton said no . on 11 august 2009 , lescott asked to move to manchester city . again everton said no . the manager said lescott had a " bad attitude " and did not have him play . then on 25 august 2009 he was traded to manchester city . fans in everton are now angry at lescott for leaving . they boo when he takes the field.on 13 may 2012 lescott helped man city win their first premiership title in 44 years .
aerogel is a gel in which the liquid part has been replaced with a gas ( usually air ) . it was invented in 1931 by samuel stephens kistler . the most common type of aerogel is silica aerogel , which is made from the same molecule as glass . it is a solid material that is almost as light as air . it is the world 's lightest material . its melting point is 1200 degrees celsius , which is comparable to crocidolite asbestos . aerogel is the best thermal insulator available and can be used in construction in place of fiberglass insulation . it allows better insulation with less material , although it is much more expensive than fiberglass . it is also brittle , making it more difficult to install than fiberglass . most aerogel is not water - resistant , and even small amounts of water can destroy it . it is also safer than fiberglass or asbestos because it is not known to cause cancer if inhaled into the lungs . some aerogel insulation , however , contains fiberglass to increase its flexibility .
the " heat index " ( hi , also " humiture " ) is a measurement which combines air temperature and relative humidity as being the human - perceived equivalent temperature — how hot it feels . the result is also known as the " felt air temperature " or " apparent temperature " . for example , when the temperature is with very high humidity , the heat index can be about . the human body normally cools itself by perspiration , or sweating , which evaporates and carries heat away from the body . however , when the relative humidity is high , then the evaporation rate is reduced , so heat is removed from the body at a lower rate , causing it to retain more heat than it would in dry air . measurements have been taken based on subjective descriptions of how hot subjects feel for a given temperature and humidity , allowing an index to be made which relates one temperature and humidity combination , to another , at a higher temperature in drier air.the heat index was developed in 1978 by george winterling as the " humiture " and was adopted by the national weather service a year later . it is derived from work carried out by robert g. steadman . like the wind chill index , the heat index contains assumptions about the human body mass and height , clothing , amount of physical activity , thickness of blood , sunlight and ultraviolet radiation exposure , and the wind speed . large deviations from the typical values will result in heat - index values which do not accurately reflect the perceived temperature.in canada , the similar humidex is used in place of the heat index . the humidex differs from the heat index in using the dew point rather than the relative humidity.the heat index is defined so as to equal the actual air temperature when the partial pressure of water vapor is equal to a baseline value of 1.6 kpa . at standard atmospheric pressure ( 101.325 kpa ) , this baseline corresponds to a dew point of 14 ° c ( 57 ° f ) and a mixing ratio of 0.01 ( 10 g of water vapor per kilogram of dry air ) . this corresponds to an air temperature of 25 ° c and relative humidity of 50 % in the sea - level psychrometric chart.at high temperatures , the level of " relative " humidity needed to make the heat index higher than the actual temperature is lower than at cooler temperatures . for example , at approximately 27 ° c ( 80 ° f ) , the heat index will agree with the actual temperature if the relative humidity is 45 % , but at about 43 ° c ( 110 ° f ) , any relative - humidity reading above 17 % will make the heat index higher than 43 ° c ( 110 ° f ) . the heat index is calculated only if the actual temperature is above 27 ° c ( 80 ° f ) , dew point temperatures greater than 12 ° c ( 54 ° f ) , and relative humidities higher than 40 % . the heat index and humidex figures are based on temperature measurements taken in the shade and not the sun , so extra care must be taken while in the sun.sometimes the heat index and the wind chill are denoted collectively by the single terms " apparent temperature " or " relative outdoor temperature " .
genetically modified food ( gm food ) is food which has been produced using organisms that have been engineered genetically ( gm organisms ) . gm food contains gm organisms . common examples include maize , soybean , cotton and rapeseed . the first genetically modified food animal approved for sale is salmon.commercial sale of genetically modified food began in 1994 , when calgene first marketed its delayed ripening tomato . genetically modified foods include : soybean , corn , canola , rice , and cotton seed oil . the features of available and future crops include resistance to herbicides , insects , viruses , fungi , production of extra nutrients , faster growth , or some other beneficial purpose . gm livestock have also been experimentally developed.research is being done on bacteria which would speed up making cheese . genetically modified yeast could be used to make beer that has fewer calories .
hacksaw ridge is a 2016 biographical war drama movie . it was directed by mel gibson and written by andrew knight and robert schenkkan . it was based on the 2004 documentary " the conscientious objector " . the film focuses on the world war ii experiences of desmond doss , an american pacifist combat medic who did not carry or use a weapon or firearm of any kind . this was because he was a seventh - day adventist christian . doss became the first conscientious objector to be awarded the medal of honor , for service above and beyond the call of duty during the battle of okinawa . andrew garfield stars as doss , with sam worthington , luke bracey , teresa palmer , hugo weaving , rachel griffiths , and vince vaughn in supporting roles.the movie was released in the united states on november 4 , 2016 . it made $ 175.3 million worldwide and received mostly positive reviews , with gibson 's direction and garfield 's performance getting praise . " hacksaw ridge " was chosen by the american film institute as one of its top ten movies of the year . it got many awards and nominations .
hipparchus ( greek ; ca . 190 bc – ca . 120 bc ) was a greek astronomer , geographer , and mathematician . he lived in the hellenistic period . he was born in nicaea ( now iznik , turkey ) , and probably died on the island of rhodes . he worked as an astronomer at least from 147 bc to 127 bc . hipparchus is considered the greatest ancient astronomical observer . some people see him as the greatest overall astronomer of antiquity.hipparchus was the first greek whose quantitative and accurate models for the motion of the sun and moon survive . to do this , he used the observations and perhaps the mathematical techniques accumulated over centuries by the chaldeans from babylonia . he had a trigonometric table . it looks like he solved some problems of spherical trigonometry with the table . with his solar and lunar theories and his trigonometry , he was perhaps the first to develop a reliable method to predict solar eclipses . his other well - known achievements include the discovery of precession , and the compilation of the hipparchus catalog , the first comprehensive star catalog of the western world.he might also have invented the astrolabe , and the armillary sphere which first appeared during his century and which he used in making the star catalog . it would be three centuries before claudius ptolemaeus ' synthesis of astronomy would make the work of hipparchus obsolete ; it is heavily dependent on it in many areas.craters on the moon and on mars are named for hipparchus , as are an asteroid and the hipparcos satellite .
an airliner is a type of transport aircraft for transporting passengers and air cargo . such aircraft are most often operated by airlines . the largest airliners are called " wide - body aircraft " . these aircraft are frequently called " twin - aisle aircraft " because they generally have two separate aisles running from the front to the back of the passenger cabin . these aircraft are usually used for long - haul flights between airline hubs and major cities with many passengers . a smaller , more common class of airliners is the " narrow - body aircraft " or " single aisle " aircraft . these smaller airliners are generally used for short to medium - distance flights with fewer passengers than their wide - body counterparts .
the legend of zelda : ocarina of time is a video game made in 1998 for the nintendo 64 . it was the fifth legend of zelda video game and was the first to be in 3d . in the game , the player character link goes on an adventure to save the kingdom of hyrule from the evil ganondorf . to save hyrule , link must fight against ganondorf and all his minions . a special object in the game is the sacred ocarina that link can play after he learns the songs , causing different effects depending on the song he plays , such as moving him to certain places around hyrule ( making it much easier and faster to travel ) , and starting rain ( for example to water plants or fill dry lakes ) . many websites and magazines name it one of the best video games of all time .
the creation museum is a 75,000 square foot museum near petersburg , kentucky , united states . it was made to tell the story of young earth creationism . the museum shows its view of the theory of the start of the universe , life , mankind , and man 's early history . it is based on the book of genesis in the bible . this book is the story of how god made the earth , and all of its life forms in just six days . this is said to have happened about 6000 years ago . the museum rejects evolution , and points to alternative explanations to answer evolutionist 's objections.the museum has a zoo , botanical gardens , planetarium , theater , bookshop , cafe , and zip - line . " the state - of - the - art 75,000 - square - foot museum brings the pages of the bible to life , casting its characters and animals in dynamic form andplacing them in familiar settings . adam and eve live in the garden of eden . children play and dinosaurs roam near eden ’s rivers . the serpent coils cunningly in the tree of the knowledge of good and evil . majestic murals , great masterpieces brimming with pulsating colors and details , provide a backdrop for many of the settings . " - the creation museum websitethe creation museum is run by answers in genesis .
vellum is a high - quality form of parchment . originally , it meant calf skin , but in english the term is used more widely.like parchment , the skin is prepared to take writing in ink . it was one of the standard writing surfaces used in europe before paper became available . it continued to be used for high - status documents . the vellum was used for single pages , scrolls , codices or books.to manufacture vellum , the skin is cleaned , then bleached , stretched on a frame called a " herse " , and scraped with a knife . when vellum is scraped , it is by turns wet and dry to create tension . a final finish is got by rubbing the surface with pumice , and treating it with lime or chalk . then it is ready to accept ink.modern " paper vellum " ( sometimes called vegetable vellum ) is made out of synthetic material instead of mammal skin , but is used for the same purpose as normal vellum .
the law of non-contradiction is a rule of logic . it states that if something is true , then the opposite of it is false . for example , if an animal is a cat , the same animal can not be not a cat . or , stated in logic , if + p , then not - p , + p can not be - p at the same time and in the same sense . the law was stated as a principle of mathematical logic by russell and whitehead in " principia mathematica " . ravi zacharias has said most eastern philosophies reject the law of noncontradiction . the law of non-contradiction is found in ancient indian logic as a rule in the " shrauta sutras " , the writing of pāṇini , and the " brahma sutras " attributed to vyasa . it was later elaborated on by medieval commentators such as madhvacharya . the idea of noncontradiction is rejected in some strands of buddhism .
kasabian is a british rock band . it was formed by tom meighan ( singer ) , sergio pizzorno ( backing vocal and guitar ) , bassist chris edwards and guitarist chris karloff in 1997 . then it was called saracuse . ian matthews and jay mehler joined the band after the departure of chris karloff in 2006 . jay joined liam gallagher 's band beady eye in 2013 and was replaced by tim carter . they have recorded four albums , " kasabian " , " empire " , " west ryder pauper lunatic asylum " and " velociraptor ! " , and are working on the fifth.they mostly get their inspiration from primal scream . they got a lot of influence from the stone roses . they use a little electro sound joined with a bass groove mixed in a rock template .
the lincoln town car was an american made full size sedan . it was begun in 1979 . however , the town car name was first used on the lincoln continental vehicles starting in 1959 and ending in 1979 . in 1979 linclon used the town car name on the continental [ continental town car ] and as its own model [ lincoln town car ] . in 1980 the linclon was redesigned in 1980 . the new body style was in production from 1980 to 1989 in their 1990 it got a complete redesign and a new powere plant . in 1998 the town car got a rounder more sleek design . in 2003 the panter platform got new rack and pinion steering along with a slight redesign wich lasted till its end in 2011 . the lincoln town car was distributed by the ford motor company , ford 's lincoln ( automobile ) division . this car was the most used limousine in the united states and in canada . the cars are sometimes used as taxis . they were used as hurses . the lincoln town car was discontinued in 2011 .
badfinger was a british rock group . they were first called the iveys , but renamed themselves after a song title , " badfinger boogie " , the original title of " with a little help from my friends " . the band 's members were peter ham , tom evans , mike gibbins and joey molland . badfinger recorded for apple records , which was a record label started by the beatles , warner brothers , elektra records , and radio records.their first hit record was " come and get it " , which was written by paul mccartney . it appeared in a movie , " the magic christian " . the band followed mccartney 's demo closely to make the record . the finished record sounded like a beatles song . later they made records that sounded different , and showed the band 's own style . todd rundgren was the producer of some of their recordings.badfinger 's other hit records included " no matter what " , " day after day " , and " baby blue " . later they left apple records and recorded for warner bros. ham and evans were the band 's main songwriters . one of their songs , " without you " , was recorded by the band , but was not a hit . a later cover version by singer harry nilsson became an international hit , and was the first of many such versions . many recording artists have sung " without you " , including mariah carey.in 1970 badfinger made an agreement with an american businessman called stan polley who promised to help them earn more money . but instead of helping them , polley kept their money " away " from them in an account and refused to tell them how to get it out . he also behaved dishonestly toward warner bros. because of his dishonesty , the band 's sixth album was removed from shops after being available for only seven weeks , and warner bros. refused to release their seventh album . as a result , the band did not earn any money for their hard work , which made pete ham feel very depressed . feeling that he could not be a good husband or father without any money , ham committed suicide by hanging himself in 1975 . evans and molland decided they still wanted to work together . mike gibbins , the drummer , wanted to as well , but could not . they found two more musicians to take the place of ham and gibbins , and recorded a new album called " airwaves " . they had only one very small hit , but continued to tour . they released another record called " say no more " . this record had cover art by artist peter max.tom evans had problems like ham 's , and killed himself ( eight years after ham ) in the same way .
with one number " a " and another smaller number " b " , the ratio of the two numbers is found by dividing them . their ratio is " a " / " b " . another ratio is found by adding the two numbers together and dividing this by the larger number " a " . the new ratio is ( " a " + " b " ) / " a " . if these two ratios are equal to the same number , then that number is called the golden ratio . the greek letter formula_1 ( phi ) is usually used as the name for the golden ratio.for example , if " b " = 1 and " a " / " b " = formula_1 , then " a " = formula_1 . the second ratio ( " a " + " b " ) / " a " is then formula_4 . because these two ratios are equal , this is true : formula_5one way to write this number isformula_6formula_7 is like any number which , when multiplied by itself , makes 5 ( or which number is multiplied ) : formula_8 . the golden ratio is an irrational number . if a person tries to write it , it will never stop and never make a pattern , but it will start this way : 1.6180339887 ... an important thing about this number is that a person can subtract 1 from it or divide 1 by it . either way , the number will still keep going and never stop .
a stay - at - home order ( north america ) or a movement control order ( southeast asia ) is an order from a government to lower / end movements of a population as a mass quarantine move for stopping an epidemic , or pandemic . this is done by ordering residents to stay home except for essential tasks or to work in essential businesses.in many cases , outdoor activities are allowed . nonessential businesses are either closed or made to working from home.in some regions , it has added a curfew or called a shelter - in - place order , but it is not to be confused with a shelter in place situation.similar measures have been used around the world , but the term lockdown is used instead .
an antimicrobial is an agent that kills microorganisms or stops their growth . antimicrobial medicines can be grouped according to the microorganisms they act primarily against . for example , antibiotics are used against bacteria , and antifungals are used against fungi . they can also be classified according to their function . agents that kill microbes are microbicidal , while those that merely stop their growth are called biostatic . the use of antimicrobial medicines to treat infection is known as antimicrobial chemotherapy , while the use of antimicrobial medicines to prevent infection is called antimicrobial prophylaxis.the main types of antimicrobial agents are disinfectants ( such as bleach ) , which kill a wide range of microbes on non-living surfaces to prevent the spread of illness , antiseptics ( which are applied to living tissue and help reduce infection during surgery ) , and antibiotics ( which kill microorganisms within the body ) . the term " antibiotic " originally described only those creations that came from living microorganisms but is now also applied to synthetic agents , such as sulfonamides or fluoroquinolones . the term also used to be only applied to antibacterials , but its meaning has widened to include all antimicrobials . antibacterial agents can be further grouped into bactericidal agents , which kill bacteria , and bacteriostatic agents , which slow down or stall bacterial growth . in response , further advancements in antimicrobial technologies have resulted in solutions that can go past simply stopping germ growth . instead , certain types of porous media have been made to kill microbes on contact .
trajan 's column is a roman triumphal column in rome , italy . it was built to remember roman emperor trajan 's victory in the dacian wars . it was probably built by the architect apollodorus of damascus at the order of the roman senate . it is in trajan 's forum , near the quirinal hill , north of the roman forum . it was completed in ad 113 . it has a spiral bas relief , which shows the wars between the romans and dacians ( 101 – 102 and 105 – 106 ) . its design has inspired numerous victory columns , both ancient and modern.the column is about 30 metres ( 98 ft ) in height , 35 metres ( 125 ft ) including its large pedestal . it is made from a series of 20 hollow carrara marble pieces . each one weighs about 32 tons , with a diameter of 3.7 metres ( 11 ft ) . the 190 - metre ( 625 ft ) frieze winds around the column 23 times . inside the column , a spiral staircase of 185 steps gives access to a viewing platform at the top . the capital block of trajan 's column weighs 53.3 tons , which had to be lifted to a height of c. 34 m.ancient coins show plans to put a statue of an eagle on top of the column . however it was built with a statue of trajan . this statue disappeared in the middle ages . on december 4 , 1587 , the top was crowned by pope sixtus v with a bronze figure of st. peter . when it was built the column was next to two libraries , which perhaps held the soldier - emperor 's account of the roman - dacian wars .
the malay language , or bahasa melayu , is an austronesian language spoken in brunei , indonesia , malaysia and singapore , as well as parts of southern thailand . a language of the malays , it is spoken by 290 million people across the strait of malacca , including the coasts of the malay peninsula of malaysia and the eastern coast of sumatra in indonesia and has been established as a native language of part of western coastal sarawak and west kalimantan in borneo . it is also used as a trading language in the southern philippines , including the southern parts of the zamboanga peninsula , the sulu archipelago and the southern predominantly muslim - inhabited municipalities of bataraza and balabac in palawan .
siouxsie and the banshees were an english rock band . they were started in 1976 in bromley , london by siouxsie sioux and steven severin . they met at a roxy music concert the year before . the band broke up in 1996 . they later performed together again in 2002 for a tour . they released 11 studio albums between 1978 and 1995 . their most popular song in the uk was " dear prudence " , a beatles cover . it reached number 3 in the uk singles chart . they were less popular in the united states , but their 1991 single " kiss them for me " reached 23 on the " billboard " hot 100 . they were also the second headliners for the first lollapalooza.the group played their first concert at the 100 club punk festival . sid vicious played drums . marco pirroni played guitar . without practising beforehand , they did a twenty - minute improvised version of the lord 's prayer . the band had no name and was going to break up after the concert , but they were asked to play again.two months later kenny morris joined as a drummer and peter fenton as a guitarist . after a few performances , the band realized that fenton did n't fit in and john mckay took his place.in 1978 , the band were signed to polydor records . they released their first single " hong kong garden " . it reached 7 on the uk singles chart . they released their first album , " the scream " , in november . it reached number 12 in the uk albums chart . it got mostly good reviews . " sounds " said it was " the best debut album of the year " . robert smith was guitarist in the band 's 1979 tour for " join hands " . he joined the group again in 1982 to replace john mcgeoch . he left in 1984 because he said that being in two bands at once was too much stress . he was replaced by john " valentine " carruthers . before he left he wanted his time with the band to be documented , so the band released a cover of the beatles ' " dear prudence " with smith on guitar.peter edward clark , known as budgie , also joined the band for the " join hands " tour . he stayed a member until the band broke up . in 1987 carruthers left and was replaced with jon klein . martin mccarrick became the band 's full - time keyboard player.in 1987 , the band released " through the looking glass " , an album of covers of songs by other musicians.between january and june 1988 , the band recorded their ninth album , " peepshow " . it was released on 5 september 1988 . it had a more pop sound than their previous albums . it got very good reviews . " q " gave it 5 stars.in 1991 , " superstition " , the banshees ' tenth album , was released . the single " kiss them for me " became their biggest us hit.in 1995 , they released their last album , " the rapture " . a few weeks later , polydor dropped them from their label . guitarist klein was replaced with knox chandler for the band 's last tour .
george pell ( born 8 june 1941 ) is an australian prelate of the catholic church . he became the inaugural prefect of the secretariat for the economy in 2014 . he was born in ballarat , victoria , australia . he was ordained in 1966 . he was made cardinal by pope john paul ii.he served as the eighth archbishop of sydney ( 2001 – 2014 ) , archbishop of melbourne ( 1996 – 2001 ) , and auxiliary bishop of melbourne ( 1987 – 1996 ) . he was created a cardinal in 2003 . on 29 june 2017 , pell was charged in victoria , australia , with multiple historical sexual assault offences , and denied all charges . the pope granted him leave to return to australia to defend himself . pell was committed to stand trial on the lesser charges , pleading not guilty.on 7 april 2020 , the high court of australia found pell innocent from his convictions and verdicts of acquittal . the court 's said that there was " a significant possibility that an innocent person has been convicted because the evidence did not establish guilt " .
in mathematics the laplace operator or laplacian is a differential operator given by the divergence of the gradient of a function on euclidean space . it is usually denoted by the symbols ∇ · ∇ , ∇ or ∆ . the laplacian ∆ " f " ( " p " ) of a function " f " at a point " p " , up to a constant depending on the dimension , is the rate at which the average value of " f " over spheres centered at " p " , deviates from " f " ( " p " ) as the radius of the sphere grows . in a cartesian coordinate system , the laplacian is given by the sum of second partial derivatives of the function with respect to each independent variable . in other coordinate systems such as cylindrical and spherical coordinates , the laplacian also has a useful form.the laplace operator is named after the french mathematician pierre - simon de laplace ( 1749 – 1827 ) , who first applied the operator to the study of celestial mechanics . in this case , the operator gives a constant multiple of the mass density when it is applied to a given gravitational potential . solutions of the equation ∆ " f " = 0 , now called laplace 's equation , are the so - called harmonic functions , and represent the possible gravitational fields in free space.the laplacian occurs in differential equations that describe many physical phenomena , such as electric and gravitational potentials , the diffusion equation for heat and fluid flow , wave propagation , and quantum mechanics . the laplacian represents the flux density of the gradient flow of a function . for instance , the net rate at which a chemical dissolved in a fluid moves toward or away from some point is proportional to the laplacian of the chemical concentration at that point ; the resulting equation is the diffusion equation . for these reasons , the laplace operator is used in the sciences for modelling all kinds of physical phenomena . in image processing and computer vision , the laplacian operator has been used for various tasks such as blob and edge detection .
the wimbledon championships is one of the four grand slam tennis tournaments . it is played in wimbledon , a suburb of london in england , great britain . the championships are unique because they are the only grand slam played on a grass court . wimbledon is the third tennis grand slam of the year and is widely seen as the biggest event on the sport 's calendar.wimbledon was first competed in 1877 . the women 's single and the mens doubles events began seven years later in 1884 . it has always been played during the summer . it is played over two weeks , from late june to the beginning of july . the tournament is played after the french open and before the u.s. open . in 1968 , the championships were opened up to both professionals and amateurs for the first time , with rod laver and billie jean king winning their respective singles titles.the winners in 2016 were andy murray and serena williams .
harem means the women and the place where they live in a polygynous household . most men are not allowed in there . the word " harem " comes from the turkish word " haram " , meaning a sacred , forbidden place . harems were meant for the royal upbringing of the future wives of noble and royal men . these women would be educated so that they were ready to appear in public as a royal wife . no forms of sexual activity took place inside of harems.in the west people thought that harems ( especially those in the ottoman empire ) were brothels full of women who gave themselves up to please rich men.in modern terms the word maybe used to describe a group of admiring women attracted to one man .
a rectifier is a device that can convert alternating current ( ac ) to direct current ( dc ) . this is a process called rectification . many rectifiers in the 20th century were made of metals like copper , iron , and silver . nowadays most are semiconductors . " half - wave rectifiers " only have one side of a waveform , while the " full - wave rectifiers " use both sides of a waveform . the left - hand side of the full - wave rectifier circuit consists of four diodes : a diode bridge . half - wave current is a current that can only flow in alternate current , a full - wave current can flow both alternating current and direct current.diode bridge is electrical circuit that consists of four diodes . it acts as a full wave rectifier to convert alternating current to direct current .
pirates of the caribbean : dead men tell no tales is a 2017 american swashbuckler comedy action film . it is the fifth installment in the " pirates of the caribbean " movie series and the sequel to " " ( 2011 ) . the movie is directed by joachim rønning and espen sandberg from a script by jeff nathanson , with jerry bruckheimer serving again as producer . johnny depp , geoffrey rush and kevin mcnally reprise their roles as jack sparrow , hector barbossa and joshamee gibbs . it has javier bardem playing the main villain , spanish ghost pirate captain salazar , brenton thwaites playing will turner and elizabeth swann 's son henry turner , kaya scodelario playing barbossa 's secret daughter carina smyth with paul mccartney make a guest apparicion playing jack sparrow 's uncle jack . orlando bloom reprise his role of will turner who appear at the start and the ending of the film , additionally keira knightley make a silent cameo ( despite is a important cameo ) at the end of the film reprising her role of elizabeth swann.it was released in conventional , disney digital 3 - d , reald 3d and imax 3d formats on may 26 , 2017 , and has grossed over $ 285 million worldwide .
the phoney war was a name for the months after poland was defeated in september 1939 and before france was invaded in may 1940 , during world war ii.during this time , there were no big military operations in europe . there was a british and french declaration of war on germany , and military alliances between the western allies and poland . the royal air force dropped propaganda leaflets on germany , and canadian troops began to arrive in britain . in the sea , german submarines destroyed many allied ships , marking the beginning of battle of the atlantic.in april 1940 , germany invaded denmark and norway . the two sides began to fight each other again . britain and france needed a lot of weapons quickly , so they began to buy them from american weapon companies . the american government helped britain and france by selling weapons at lower cost , and , later , lend - lease of military equipment and supplies .
a worm is a type of animal that usually has no arms or legs and has a cylinder - like body . all worms are invertebrates , meaning that they do not have a backbone . worms can come in many different sizes . many worm species are so small that they ca n't be seen with the human eye , while the bootlace worm has been known to grow up to nearly 60 meters ( almost 200 feet ) . one of the most well - known types of worms are earthworms.there are several subcategories of worms , many of which are very different than others . annelids , nematodes , platyhelminthes , ribbon worms , arrow worms , priapulid worms , and some insect larvae are all of animals that are often called worms .
emily jean " emma " stone ( born november 6 , 1988 in scottsdale , arizona ) is an american actress . her first movie was the 2007 teen comedy superbad . she attended xavier college preparatory which is an all - girls school and stayed there for one semester and moved to los angeles at fifteen years old.she was ranked # 1 on saturday night magazine 's top 20 rising stars under 30 . stone won a young hollywood award in 2008 for exciting new face in superbad and was nominated in 2009 by the detroit film critics society for best ensemble in zombieland and nominated again in 2010 for the teen choice award 's " choice movie actress : comedy " for zombieland . she was nominated for the orange rising star award in 2011 . in 2012 , she won the people 's choice award for " favorite movie actress " . in 2011 , stone began her relationship with andrew garfield . in 2015 , stone and garfield split up .
vor , short for vhf omnidirectional radio range , is a type of radio navigation system for aircraft , enabling them to find their position and stay on course by receiving radio signals emitted by a network of radio beacons . it uses frequencies in very high frequency ( vhf ) from 108 to 117.95 mhz . developed in the usa in 1937 , vor is the standard air navigational system in the world , used by both commercial and general aviation . there are about 3000 vor stations around the world.a vor station broadcasts a vhf radio signal including the identifier , voice , and navigation signal . the identifier is in morse code . the voice will have information from the station . the navigation signal allows the equipment to find a magnetic bearing from the station to the aircraft . vor stations in areas of magnetic unreliability are oriented to true north . a line of position is called the " radial " from the vor . the crossing of two radials from different vor stations provides the position of the aircraft . vor signals have a range of about 200 miles .
russell ira crowe ( born 7 april 1964 ) is an actor with new zealand citizenship who lives in australia . he is most well known for the movie " gladiator " . this movie gave him his fame in america . he won the academy award ( oscar ) for best actor in 2001 , for acting in " gladiator " . he also starred as jor - el in the 2013 movie " man of steel " . crowe had attended auckland grammar school before moving to australia.he is married to danielle spencer . she is an australian singer , songwriter and actress . they have two sons , charles spencer crowe ( born 2003 ) and tennyson spencer crowe ( born 2006 ) .
upper canada college ( ucc ) is a private lower grades and high school for boys in toronto , canada . students between senior kindergarten and grade twelve study under the international baccalaureate program.founded in 1829 , ucc is the oldest independent school in the province of ontario , and the third oldest in the country . it is described as a prestigious preparatory school in canada , having many of canada 's prominent graduates . modelled on the british public school system , throughout the first part of its history the college both influenced and was influenced by government . it has maintained a good reputation from its founding.today , ucc is fully independent and the students and faculty are more diverse in terms of cultural and economic backgrounds . a link to the royal family is maintained through prince philip , duke of edinburgh , who is the college 's official visitor , and a member of the board of governors .
st. edward the confessor ( 1003 – 4 january 1066 ) was king of england from 8 june 1042 ad to 4 january 1066 . after he died , there were four people who claimed the throne . edward had promised to each of them that they would be king.edward spent many years in normandy . the anglo - saxon nobles invited edward back to england in 1041 . he became part of the household of his half - brother harthacnut . according to the " anglo - saxon chronicle " both were sworn in as king together.following harthacnut 's death on 8 june 1042 , edward ascended the throne . the anglo - saxon chronicle indicates the popularity he enjoyed at his accession — " before he [ harthacnut ] was buried , all the people chose edward as king in london " . edward was crowned at the cathedral of winchester , the royal seat of the west saxons on 3 april 1043 .
the scale insects are small bugs of the order hemiptera . they are the superfamily coccoidea . there are about 8,000 described species of scale insects . they are ectoparasites of plants , like most bugs . they sit on the outside of plants , stick their mouthparts inside , and suck up the plant sap.adult female scales usually do not move : they are permanently attached to the plant they have parasitized . they secrete a waxy coating for defence . the coating makes them look like fish scales , hence their common name.males and females are quite different form each other . this is sexual dimorphism . female scale insects keep their juvenile shape even when sexually mature ( a condition known as neoteny ) . adult males usually have wings ( depending on their species ) but never feed , and die within a day or two.the details of their reproductive systems vary greatly between species . three types of hermaphroditism are known , and at least seven forms of parthenogenesis.their young , known as crawlers , lose the use of their legs if they are female , and stay put for life . only the males keep their legs and use them in seeking females for mating .
philae ( before known as roland ) is an esa lander spacecraft . it went with the rosetta spacecraft . it landed on comet 67p / churyumov – gerasimenkoon on 12 november 2014 to analyze it.the name philae was chosen through a contest organized by esa , won by fifteen year old serena olga vismara from milan . the name comes from the orbiter name , already defined as rosetta , which is the name of the stele that allowed jean - françois champollion to understand ancient egypt hieroglyphics . in order to complete the translation , he needed to use also the monuments on the island of philae , the same way philae lander will help to complete the work of the rosetta lander .
the shape of the universe can not be discussed with everyday terms , because all the terms need to be those of einsteinian relativity . the geometry of the universe is therefore not the ordinary euclidean geometry of our everyday lives.according to the special theory of relativity , it is impossible to say whether two distinct events occur at the same time if those events are separated in space . to speak of " the shape of the universe ( at a point in time ) " is naive from the point of view of special relativity . due to the relativity of simultaneity we can not speak of different points in space as being " at the same point in time " nor , therefore , of " the shape of the universe at a point in time " . what astrophysicists do is ask whether a particular model of the universe is consistent with what is known through observations and measurements of the universe . if the observable universe is smaller than the entire universe ( in some models it is many orders of magnitude smaller or even infinitesimal ) , observation is limited to a part of the whole.consideration of the shape of the universe can be split into two : < br > the observable universe is the basis for testing any model of the universe . it is a spherical volume ( a ball ) centered on the observer , regardless of the shape of the universe as a whole . every location in the universe has its own observable universe , which may or may not overlap with the one centered on earth.recent measurements have led nasa to state , " we now know that the universe is flat with only a 0.4 % margin of error " . within one model , the flrw model , the present most popular shape of the universe found to fit observational data is the infinite flat model . there are other models that also fit the data .
allosaurus was a large theropod dinosaur from the jurassic period , a predatory carnivore . " allosaurus " averaged 8.5 metres ( 28 ft ) in length , though some remains suggest it could reach over 12 meters ( 39 ft ) . its three - fingered forelimbs were smaller than its large hind legs , and the body was balanced by a long , heavy tail . it weighed 2/3 tons.it is the most common large predator found in the morrison formation of north america . this formation was laid down 155 to 145 million years ago , in the jurassic . " allosaurus " was at the top of the food chain . it probably preyed on large herbivorous dinosaurs and perhaps even other predators ( e.g . " ceratosaurus " ) . potential prey included ornithopods , stegosaurs , and sauropods.some paleontologists think " allosaurus " had cooperative behavior , and hunted in packs . others believe they may have been aggressive toward each other.groups have been found together in the fossil record . this might be evidence of pack behavior , or just the result of lone individuals feeding on the same carcass.remains of many individuals have been found , including some which are almost complete . over sixty - nine individuals from one species have been found .
the laser interferometer gravitational - wave observatory ( ligo ) is a large - scale physics observatory which detects cosmic gravitational waves co-founded by scottish physicist ronald drever . they were first funded by the national science foundation ( nsf ) and were conceived , built and are operated by caltech and mit.the nsf has funded improvements for ligo to increase sensitivity , which allowed them to make the first detection of gravitational waves . ligo is the largest and most ambitious project ever funded by the nsf.ligo is an interferometer . it fires a laser beam and splits it into two laser beams . mirrors bounce them back towards a light detector and merge them . normally , the two laser beams should cancel each other , so the light does not reach the detector , but any changes in space - time caused by gravity waves can change the laser beams , so that they do n't cancel out fully . when this happens , the light detector will see some of the laser light , which it can then use to work out the size of the space - time distortion .
a country 's foreign policy ( also called the international relations policy ) is a set of goals about how the country will work with other countries economically , politically , socially and militarily . it includes such matters as international trade , foreign aid , military alliances , and war.foreign policy also involves dealing with groups that are not countries but that are still important . these are called " non-state actors " , and might include religious groups , large companies , or even terrorist groups . the study of foreign relations is known as foreign policy analysis ( fpa ) and the work is called diplomacy . most counties have a foreign minister who directs these things , with help from other officials .
mahavira ( 599 bc - 527 bc ) , also known as ' vardhaman ' , was 24th jain tirthankara ( teaching god ) . he was born in 599 bc in bihar state of india . he revived the jain dharma with five moral teachings under broad headings of non-violence ( ahimsa ) , truthfulness ( satya ) , non-stealing ( asteya ) , control of senses including mind ( brahmacharya ) , and non-possessiveness ( aparigraha ) . mahavira preached that " ahimsa " ( non-injury ) is the supreme virtue . he is not the founder of jain religion . he was preceded by 23 thirthankaras . however , he was the last tirthankara in the current time cycle .
a witness is someone who sees something happen . they are often used in court to help find the truth . during a trial , the two lawyers will bring in witnesses to help back up their arguments.in a criminal trial , the prosecution lawyer will often bring in the victim of the crime to say what happened , and anyone else who can prove the accused person did the crime . the defense lawyer will nearly always call up the accused person to explain why they are not guilty , and bring in other witnesses who can prove the accused person is not guilty . each time a lawyer brings in a witness , the other lawyer will " cross examine " the witness - they will ask them questions to make sure they are telling the truth.witnesses have to swear to tell the truth during the trial . if a witness lies in court , it is known as " perjury " , which is a crime . a witness can be subpoenad , which means they are required to testify in court . if the witness does not testify when given a subpoena , they can be punished .
pauline fowler was a character in " eastenders " . she was played by english actress wendy richard ( 1943 - 2009 ) . in the show , she lived at number 45 albert square . she had three children , mark , michelle and martin . mark died in 2004 of aids.she was married to a man called joe macer in 2006 , and she also had three grandchildren called vicki , mark and rebecca and a dog called betty.when she was born , her name was pauline beale . she married a man called arthur fowler , who was the father of her children . he died in 1996 . pauline 's father albert and mother lou beale are both dead . she has six brothers and sisters called pete , kenny , dora , harry , ronnie and maggie . pete and ronnie are both dead.pauline worked at a launderette with her best friend dot branning.pauline was in the show since it started in 1985 until her death at christmas 2006 .
percy bysshe shelley ( 4 august 1792 – 8 july 1822 ) was an english poet of the early nineteenth century . he is widely thought of as one of most important poets of the romantic movement in english literature . some of his poems , like " ozymandias " and " ode to the west wind " , are among the most famous in english.shelley was born in horsham , sussex . he was the son of a member of parliament . he attended the university of oxford , for only one year ; he was expelled for being an atheist . in his own time shelley was very unpopular for his political and religious views and for his personal conduct . he married young , but left his wife to run away with mary godwin . after shelley 's first wife committed suicide , shelley married mary godwin ; she later became famous as mary shelley , the author of the novel " frankenstein " . shelley left england and spent much of his life travelling in europe , especially in italy . he became a close friend of poet lord byron , who also left england and travelled in europe because of sexual controversy at home . shelley continued to write poetry throughout this time ; he wrote several major works , like the verse drama " the cenci " and long poems like " alastor " and " adonais " , as well as many shorter poems.about a month before his 30th birthday , shelley drowned in a boating accident off the coast of italy . he was one of three important english romantic poets of the same generation who died young ; the other two were lord byron and john keats .
walter elias disney ( december 5 , 1901 - december 15 , 1966 ) was an american business magnate , animator , cartoonist , producer , screenwriter , entrepreneur , and voice actor . disney was an important person in the american animation industry and throughout the world . he is regarded as an international icon , and philanthropist . he is well known for his influence and contributions to the field of entertainment during the 20th century . along with his brother roy disney , he was the founder of walt disney productions . the corporation is now known as the walt disney company.as an extraordinary animator and entrepreneur , disney was well known as a film producer and a showman , as well as an innovator in animation and theme park design . he and his staff created some of the world 's most well - known fictional characters including mickey mouse . he provided the original voice for mickey mouse . he received four honorary academy awards and won 22 academy awards from a total of 59 nominations , including a record four in one year . it gave him more awards and nominations than any other person in history . disney also won seven emmy awards . he gave his name to the disneyland , and walt disney world resort theme parks in the united states , as well as international resorts like tokyo disney resort , disneyland paris , and hong kong disneyland.he died on december 15 , 1966 from lung cancer . a year later , construction of the walt disney world resort began in florida . his brother roy disney inaugurated the magic kingdom in 1971 .
in thermodynamics , the internal energy of a thermodynamic system , or a body with well - defined boundaries , denoted by " u " , or sometimes " e " , is the total of the kinetic energy due to the motion of molecules ( translational , rotational , vibrational ) and the potential energy associated with the vibrational and electric energy of atoms within molecules or crystals . it includes the energy in all the chemical bonds , and the energy of the free , conduction electrons in metals.the internal energy is a thermodynamic potential and for a closed thermodynamic system held at constant entropy , it will be minimized.one can also calculate the internal energy of electromagnetic or blackbody radiation . it is a state function of a system , an extensive quantity . the si unit of energy is the joule although other historical , conventional units are still in use , such as the ( small and large ) calorie for heat . ( calories that are on classic food labels are actually kilo - calories . )
child labour in india is when indian children work for money , on a part or full - time basis ... the practice deprives children of their childhood , and is harmful to their physical and mental development . various things lead to children working . poverty , lack of good schools and informal work places may be blamed.the 1998 national census of india estimated the total number of child labour , aged 4 – 15 , to be at 12.6 million , out of a total child population of 253 million in 5 - 14 age group . the 2011 national census of india found the total number of child labour , aged 5 – 14 , to be at 4.35 million , and the total child population to be 259.64 million in that age group.the child labour problem is not unique to india ; worldwide , about 217 million children work , many full - time .
earl eugene scruggs ( january 6 , 1924 – march 28 , 2012 ) was an american musician . he was known for playing a banjo in bluegrass . playing the banjo in bluegrass is now known as " scruggs style " . he is known for his songs such as " dueling banjos " , " foggy mountain breakdown " , " earl 's breakdown " , " the swimming song " , and in " fireball mail " . he won four grammy awards.scruggs was born on january 6 , 1924 in flint hill , north carolina . he was raised in shelby , north carolina . scruggs was married to louise certain from 1948 until her death in 2006 . they had two sons . scruggs died on march 28 , 2012 in nashville , tennessee from natural causes , aged 88 .
dương văn minh ( 16 february 1916 – 6 august 2001 ) was a former general of the army of the republic of vietnam . he came from the first course at the french military academy of the indochinese confederation in the southeastern part of vietnam for the purpose of training indigenous people to become officers serving the colonial army . during his active service , he was assigned to specialized positions in command and general staff . he was one of the few officers to be promoted to the rank of general of the republic ( major general in 1955 ) and was also one of five soldiers who were promoted to general in the armed forces of the republic of vietnam . he was also a politician who held the position as head of state in the period ( 1963 - 1964 ) and was the last president of the republic of vietnam . although he held the throne briefly for only three days ( from april 28 to april 30 , 1975 ) , he was credited with saving the city from the devastation . called on the south vietnamese armed forces to cease fire and surrender unconditionally at the request of the national liberation front when they began attacking the city on april 30 , 1975 during the ho chi minh campaign .
the london borough of croydon is a london borough . it is in south london . the borough is the farthest south of greater london , with the m25 circle motorway touching it at the bottom . in north croydon the borough mainly borders the london borough of bromley to the east as well as the london boroughs of southwark and lambeth to the north . the boroughs of sutton and merton are west of croydon.croydon 's main town centre is croydon itself . the town offers the most office space in southeast england apart from central london . there are two shopping centres in croydon which are named centrale and the witgift centre . croydon was named the 20 best shopping town in the uk . croydon is currently being modernised ( meaning new buildings are being built ) . croydon college and john ruskin college are the only schools for people over 16 years old.the london borough of croydon asked the government for city status in 2000 and again in 2002 but it failed . if the government said yes it would have been the third council in greater london to hold that status , the others being the city of london and the city of westminster.the borough is the home of two football clubs , crystal palace f.c . who are in the football league championship and croydon f.c . who are in the ryman league . croydon is also known for having a lot of parks and open spaces like mitcham common and south norwood lakes.croydon is a tourist attraction in london . one of the reasons is because it is close to gatwick airport and because it has lots of entertainment and historic facilities including the fairfield halls , warehouse theatre , croydon airport ( disused ) , shirley windmill , croydon palace and the croydon clocktower .
stuart leonard " stu " miller ( december 26 , 1927 – january 4 , 2015 ) was a former american pitcher in major league baseball . he played for the st. louis cardinals ( 1952 – 1956 ) , philadelphia phillies ( 1956 ) , new york / san francisco giants ( 1957 – 1962 ) , baltimore orioles ( 1963 – 1967 ) and atlanta braves ( 1968 ) . he batted and threw right - handed . in a 16 - season career , miller posted a 105 – 103 record with a 3.24 earned run average , 1164 strikeouts , and 154 saves in 704 games pitched ( 93 as a starter ) . miller died january 4 , 2015 , in cameron park , california , aged 87 after a brief illness .
bob dylan ( born robert allen zimmerman ; may 24 , 1941 ) is an american musician . he is one of the most famous and successful popular singers of the last 50 years.he was born in 1941 in minnesota . as a youth he was a big fan of rock and roll , and formed several bands in high school . however , dylan first became famous as a folk musician . in 1962 , he released his first album , simply called " bob dylan " . the next year , he released the folk song " blowin ' in the wind " , which became very popular . in 1965 , he began playing rock and roll . that year , dylan released " like a rolling stone " , which has been called the greatest popular music song of all time . he put these two types of music together in a new way , which became very popular.the next year , dylan was in a motorcycle crash which broke his neck . his recovery took many months , and he released no new music or records during this time . dylan re-examined his life while he recovered , saw what other musicians were doing , and made changes to his own style . his comeback album , " john wesley harding " , was different from his earlier work . while he made many tours to perform during the mid-1960s , he made very few public appearances until the mid-1970s . dylan later became a christian , then drifted away from christianity , even re-exploring judaism , which his family followed . now , he does not want to talk about his religion . since the 1980s , he has concentrated on touring.also , dylan is one of the famous people who appear on the cover of the beatles 's " sgt . pepper 's lonely hearts club band " . in 2016 , dylan received the nobel prize in literature , " for having created new poetic expressions within the great american song tradition " .
nonviolence is a philosophy that rejects the use of physical violence . people who practice nonviolence when expressing their beliefs may use methods like education , persuasion , civil disobedience , and conscientous objection to military service.a demonstration by a group of people in a public place , to show their support or to protest , is permitted on the condition that it remain nonviolent . sometimes the demonstrators are nonviolent but other people who oppose them will come to the demonstration and behave violently to show their opposition.some religious movements , such as the society of friends ( quakers ) and jainism with ahimsa , are known for the practice of nonviolence . there are people who adopt nonviolence in midlife , such as st. francis of assisi.people who eat a vegetarian or vegan diet , and those who support animal rights , usually oppose any violence by humans against animals .
greenland is a semi-autonomous territory of the kingdom of denmark . it is a large arctic island . greenland is near iceland to the east and canada to the west . it has a population of only 50,000 residents , because of its cold climate . most of the civilian population lives in the southern part of the island , on the coasts . the capital of greenland is nuuk.greenland is the world 's largest island that is not a continent . the island is the least densely populated country in the world , with a density of 0.026 people per square kilometer . ( antarctica and uninhabited islands are not counted because they are not independent countries . ) since the 1950s , scientists think that the ice sheet that covers greenland may hide three separate islands , which are joined by glaciers since the last geologic ice age.in greenland , there are no forests . in the south , at the coastal area , only some dwarf trees are found .
the lion king is an animated movie made by walt disney in 1994 . it was the most successful animated movie of the 1990s . the movie is about a young lion prince who learns about his role as prince and in the circle of life . it is dedicated to frank wells , who was the president of the walt disney company and died shortly before the movie was released into theaters on june 15 , 1994 . it was the first full - length disney movie to feature no human characters since " bambi " . much of the voice acting work was done by well - known actors , including matthew broderick , nathan lane , james earl jones , jeremy irons , whoopi goldberg , cheech marin , rowan atkinson , and jonathan taylor thomas . " the lion king " is a musical ; the songs have music by elton john and lyrics by tim rice . computer animation was used a lot when making the movie , like during the song " circle of life " and others . when they were making it , this movie was thought of as just " alright " compared to the movie they were going to make after that , which would be " pocahontas " . the studio released the trailer , and found that many people liked it , especially the song " circle of life " " . " when it was released , the movie became the most successful movie worldwide ( in the united states , " forrest gump " was most successful of that year ) and the most successful animated feature movie of all time until " finding nemo " . since then , " shrek 2 " has become more successful than " finding nemo " , making " the lion king " the third most successful.the movie was also made into an award - winning stage musical . the stage show first opened on november 13 , 1997 in new york city , and it was a big success . a version opened later in london , england . many other shows of " the lion king " have been shown across the world , and is one of the united kingdom 's biggest and most popular shows . it is supposed to be set in kenya.in 2019 , a live action remake was released .
